"In Hong Kong, Daring Escapes From a Violent Siege at a University"	"The police offered protesters one way out of a besieged campus, raining down tear gas and rubber bullets on those who attempted to flee. But some escaped on rope ladders, as anxious parents sobbed near the police cordon."
A G.O.P. Star Emerges in Impeachment Hearings. Democratic Donors Notice.	"As Representative Elise Stefanik, a New York Republican, took a leading role in Friday’s impeachment hearing, donations came pouring in to her Democratic challenger."
Ex-Envoy to Testify He Didn’t Know Ukraine Aid Was Tied to Investigations	"Kurt D. Volker, the former special envoy to Ukraine, will modify his testimony in the impeachment inquiry, saying he was kept out of the loop at key moments of President Trump’s pressure campaign."
‘Jeopardy!’ Tournament to Settle Question: Who Is the Greatest of All Time?	"Ken Jennings, Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer will compete against each other for the sweeping title in a prime time series to be held in January."
California to Stop Buying From Automakers That Backed Trump on Emissions	"California, hitting back at automakers that sided with President Trump, will not buy from manufacturers that do not recognize its authority to set emissions standards."
Jeffrey Epstein Suicide: Two Jail Workers Expected to Be Charged	The charges are related to their failure to check on him.
"114,000 Students in N.Y.C. Are Homeless. These Two Let Us Into Their Lives."	"The number of homeless students has swelled by 70 percent over the past decade. For Darnell and Sandy, school is the only stable place they know."
Impeachment Hearings Live Updates: Morrison and Volker Begin Testimony	"Two former advisers to President Trump opened afternoon hearings after Democrats expressed outrage at a White House attack on its own Ukraine expert. Republicans questioned Alexander Vindman’s loyalty to the country, and Mr. Trump dismissed the impeachment hearings as “a big scam.”"
‘Meth. We’re on It’: South Dakota’s Anti-Meth Campaign Raises Eyebrows	Many saw the slogan as tone-deaf or a failed attempt at cleverness. State officials said it was provocative by design.
"Navy Wants to Eject From SEALs a Sailor Cleared by Trump, Officials Say"	Chief Petty Officer Edward Gallagher is expected to be formally notified of the action on Wednesday.
Is It Time Gauguin Got Canceled?	Museums are reassessing the legacy of an artist who had sex with teenage girls and called the Polynesian people he painted “savages.”
How Not to Plot Secret Foreign Policy: On a Cellphone and WhatsApp	American officials expressed wonderment that Rudolph W. Giuliani was running his “irregular channel” of diplomacy over open cell lines and communications apps penetrated by the Russians.
White House Denies Trump Health Emergency	"Two days after a mysterious, unannounced hospital visit, President Trump’s physician issued a late-night statement attributing it to “regular, primary preventative care.”"
The Mister Rogers No One Saw	Fred Rogers wasn’t just a brilliant educator and a profoundly moral person. He was an uncompromising artist.
"Racist Manifesto Lands on Syracuse Students’ Phones, Deepening Crisis"	Gov. Andrew Cuomo called for an outside monitor after a series of racist incidents that has left Syracuse University besieged.
Republicans Are Following Trump to Nowhere	There’s an impeachment lesson hiding in the president’s failure to produce the political results he wants.
"George Morris, Equestrian Legend, Is Permanently Barred From the Sport"	"Accusations of sexual abuse led to the expulsion of Mr. Morris, a former coach of the United States Olympic team."
Parents of Besieged Hong Kong Protesters Come to the Front Lines	The parents of young people under siege at a university emerged as a call for compromise.
Blind Student’s Violent Treatment at Oxford Debate Prompts Resignations	"Ebenezer Azamati, a postgraduate student from Ghana, was violently removed from an event at the Oxford Union, a prominent British debating society."
Next Democratic Debate: The Top Four vs. Everyone Else	"The debate stage is nearly identical to the one from October, minus two candidates — Beto O’Rourke has since dropped out and Julián Castro did not make the cut. See how similar or different the dynamics will be this time."
Trump Takes Aim at His Own White House Aides	"Even for a president who rarely spares the rhetorical howitzer, this was something new."
Sondland Kept Pompeo Informed on Ukraine Pressure Campaign	The diplomat at the center of the impeachment inquiry looped in the secretary of state at key moments as American officials pushed for investigations sought by President Trump.
How the Brain Can Rewire Itself After Half of It Is Removed	New scans showed how the brains of people who had a hemisphere removed in childhood continue to function.
Impeachment Hearing Live Updates: Sondland Says ‘We Followed the President’s Orders’ on Ukraine	"President Trump distanced himself from Gordon D. Sondland after the ambassador testified that there was a “clear quid pro quo,” and that multiple top officials, including Mike Pompeo, Mike Pence and Mick Mulvaney, knew about the campaign to pressure Ukraine to announce investigations of Democrats."
The Divide in Yakima Is the Divide in America	What the changing demographics of this country look like up close.
Read Gordon Sondland’s Opening Statement	The United States ambassador to the European Union testified that he pressured Ukraine for investigations at President Trump’s “express direction.”
Vindman’s Lawyer Asks Fox News to Retract Espionage Allegation	"A guest on the ‘Ingraham Angle,’ a Fox show, suggested that Lt. Col. Alexander S. Vindman, a key figure in the impeachment hearings, was guilty of spying."
Trump Is Doing Exactly What He Was Elected to Do	Don’t impeach him. His actions have all been within the scope of the presidency.
Stop! Don’t Charge Your Phone This Way	You might want to think twice before plugging in at an airport or on the train.
Colonel Vindman’s America	It’s not a place that Donald Trump knows much about.
"First Comes Snapchat, Then the Bachelor and Spinster Ball"	"In the cities, technology has transformed social life. But in Australia’s vast rural areas, finding a mate is a bit more complicated."
The Danger of Elizabeth Warren	Even if she wins the presidency — hardly a sure bet — she may jeopardize Democrats in the House and the Senate.
Gordon Sondland Leaves Us With No Other Option	"The case is simple, and the evidence supporting impeachment is now crystal clear."
5 Key Things We Learned From Gordon Sondland	The United States ambassador to the European Union delivered explosive testimony to the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday.
"‘I Want Nothing,’ Trump Says, Quoting From Sondland’s Testimony"	"The president, seeking to defend himself from damaging testimony delivered by the ambassador Gordon D. Sondland, said again Wednesday that he wanted ‘no quid pro quo’ in regard to Ukraine."
Takeaways From the November Democratic Debate	"The ten candidates tackle the impeachment inquiry, wealth inequality and Medicare for all."
"Almaas Elman, Somali-Canadian Activist, Is Shot Dead in Mogadishu"	"It was not immediately clear who killed Ms. Elman, who was described by friends and colleagues as a committed and tireless aid worker."
"Grammys Snubs and Surprises: Taylor Swift, Lil Nas X and More"	"A new crop of pop stars lead the 2020 nominations, leaving stalwarts like Swift out of some major categories."
Impeachment Inquiry Live Updates: Fiona Hill Calls Ukraine Pressure Campaign a ‘Domestic Political Errand’	"President Trump’s former adviser testified that the pressure campaign on Ukraine was a purely political one that diverged from U.S. foreign policy. She denounced the “false narrative” embraced by Mr. Trump and Republicans that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election, calling it a dangerous story planted by Russia."
Trump Reverses Navy Decision to Oust Edward Gallagher From SEALs	"The president said Chief Gallagher, who has been at the center of a high-profile war crimes case, would not lose his membership in the elite commando force."
Read Fiona Hill’s Opening Statement	Ms. Hill had a front-row seat to dramatic events in the White House around the pressure campaign on Ukraine.
Pence Is Implicated	And Democrats should respond.
"No, That Mac Factory in Texas Is Not New"	President Trump said on Wednesday that he opened a facility that makes computers for Apple. It’s been operating since 2013.
Is There Anything We Can All Agree On? Yes: Dolly Parton	"At 73, the enigmatic country star is captivating a whole new generation and riding high as the subject of a podcast and the inspiration behind a Netflix series."
Why We’re Impeaching Our Student Body President Over Trump Jr.	"The president’s son spoke at the University of Florida for a $50,000 fee. We dug deeper."
Tulsi Gabbard’s White Pantsuit Isn’t Winning	The Democratic presidential candidate has made white the staple of debate night appearances. It leaves a chill.
Fiona Hill Viewed Serving Trump as Risky. Now She’s an Impeachment Witness.	"Dr. Hill’s decision to be the president’s top adviser on Russia and Europe strained friendships, made her a target of conspiracy theories — and landed her in the center of the tumult over Ukraine."
"Israel’s Netanyahu Indicted on Charges of Fraud, Bribery and Breach of Trust"	"The first prosecution of a sitting Israeli premier deepens the political paralysis in a country that has had two inconclusive elections this year, and may be headed to a third vote."
"Three Students, $3,000 and a Dream: An Affordable Brooklyn Apartment. Where Did They Wind Up?"	"Two N.Y.U. seniors and a recent graduate joined forces to look for a Brooklyn home that wasn’t ‘too tiny, too dingy or too sketchy.’ Here’s what they found."
Tesla Unveiled Its Electric Pickup Truck. It’s Pointy.	"Elon Musk’s car company has long promised the vehicle, which it revealed on Thursday. Production begins in late 2021."
More Than 140 Nazca Lines Are Discovered in Peruvian Desert	"A team of Japanese researchers combined on-the-ground archaeology with modern technology, including artificial intelligence, to identify the 2,000-year-old images."
The Jungle Prince of Delhi	"For 40 years, journalists chronicled the eccentric royal family of Oudh, deposed aristocrats who lived in a ruined palace in the Indian capital. It was a tragic, astonishing story. But was it true?"
"Shepard Smith, Former Fox News Anchor, Puts $500,000 Behind Free Press"	"A Committee to Protect Journalists event, where he also gave a speech, was the anchor’s first public appearance since he abruptly left the network."
Tesla’s Electric ‘Cybertruck’ Is Unveiled. It’s Pointy.	"Elon Musk’s car company presented its long-awaited pickup truck, but it didn’t go quite to plan. (Broken windows were involved.)"
Trump and His Corrupt Old Party	"For Republicans, there is no bottom."
Trump Attacks Impeachment Inquiry and Accuses a Witness of Lying	"Mr. Trump said a career diplomat made up a conversation between him and his ambassador to the European Union, dismissing a critical detail in the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry."
"Charges of Ukrainian Meddling? A Russian Operation, U.S. Intelligence Says"	Moscow has run a yearslong operation to blame Ukraine for its own 2016 election interference. Republicans have used similar talking points to defend President Trump in impeachment proceedings.
Russia Inquiry Review Is Said to Criticize F.B.I. but Rebuff Claims of Biased Acts	"A watchdog report will portray the pursuit of a wiretap of an ex-Trump adviser as sloppy, but it also debunks some accusations by Trump allies of F.B.I. wrongdoing."
The 10 Best Books of 2019	The editors of The Times Book Review choose the best fiction and nonfiction titles this year.
"R.N.C. Spent Nearly $100,000 on Copies of Donald Trump Jr.’s Book"	"“Triggered,” published Nov. 5, topped the best-seller list thanks in part to a big order from the Republican National Committee."
What We’ve Learned From Hill’s and Holmes’s Impeachment Testimonies	Two career foreign policy experts delivered new details about the inner workings of President Trump’s foreign policy on Ukraine as well as some history lessons.
The Impeachment Witnesses Not Heard	"With its public hearings over, the House Intelligence Committee plans to move forward without testimony by some of the key players in the Ukraine drama."
The Day That Decided the 2020 Election	Democrats have a road map for victory.
Why Fox News Slimed a Purple Heart Recipient	"As a former talk-show guest host on the channel, I can explain the art and purpose behind attacking Colonel Vindman."
Dogs Can’t Help Falling in Love	One researcher argues that a dog’s ability to bond has more to do with forming emotional attachments than being smart about what humans want.
Thousands of Texts at Center of Case Against Woman Charged in Boyfriend’s Suicide	"Inyoung You, 21, pleaded not guilty to involuntary manslaughter in the death of her Boston College boyfriend."
Barr’s Legal Views Come Under Fire From Conservative-Leaning Lawyers	"A speech by Mr. Barr last week, in which he argued that Mr. Trump had never overstepped his authority, so alarmed a group of lawyers that they felt compelled to push back publicly."
She Texted About Dinner While Driving. Then a Pedestrian Was Dead.	A New Jersey woman was found guilty of vehicular homicide by a jury that weighed whether her actions were on par with drunken driving.
A Senate Trial Could Put Trump’s Use of Aggressive Defense Tactics to Their Biggest Test	The president’s campaign against the Mueller report and its author is a road map of what is likely to lie ahead.
Would-Be Chinese Defector Details Covert Campaigns in Hong Kong and Taiwan	"The claims by an asylum seeker in Australia couldn’t be independently verified, but Western officials are treating them seriously."
Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Cancellation of Colin Kaepernick	"“Cancel culture” has always existed — for the powerful, at least. Now, social media has democratized it."
Navy Is Said to Proceed With Disciplinary Plans Against Edward Gallagher	"Top military officials threatened to resign or be fired if their plans to remove Chief Gallagher from the SEALs were halted by President Trump, administration officials said."
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Hospitalized	"The justice was admitted after experiencing chills and a fever and expects to be released as early as Sunday morning, a Supreme Court spokeswoman said."
The United States Is Starting to Look Like Ukraine	Why the president must be impeached and removed.
Historians Find Another Spy in the U.S. Atomic Bomb Project	"His Soviet code name was Godsend, and he came to Los Alamos from a family of secret agents."
"AMC to Fire Workers Who Confronted Black Woman at ‘Harriet’ Screening, Letter Says"	"Fifteen black women accused an AMC movie theater in Louisiana of racial profiling. Theater workers repeatedly asked one of the women to show them her ticket, she said."
"In Coded 911 Call, Ohio Woman Requested the Police by Ordering a Pizza"	"Though the emergency dispatcher initially thought the woman had the wrong number, a man was ultimately arrested on a domestic violence charge because of the call, the police said."
A Split Decision From Congress Will Leave Voters With Final Say on Trump	"Unlike Presidents Richard M. Nixon or Bill Clinton, Mr. Trump will face an election after his impeachment battle if he isn’t removed from office."
U.S. Commander Warns of Iranian Attack in Middle East	"A top general said that America’s addition of 14,000 troops in the Persian Gulf since the spring would probably not deter Iran from carrying out a major strike."
New Documents Reveal Details of Pompeo’s Role in Ukraine Affair	Emails and documents released by the State Department support testimony showing Secretary of State Mike Pompeo enabled the Ukrainian pressure campaign at the center of the impeachment proceedings.
Trump’s White Whale	Trump will not stop until he brings down Trump.
Hong Kong Democracy Backers Win Big as Voters Flock to Polls	"A surge in voting, especially by young people, allowed democracy advocates to win many more seats on local councils."
Esper Demands Resignation of Navy Secretary Over SEAL Case	"Richard Spencer, the Navy secretary, differed in his private and public statements, the defense secretary said. Others said he angered President Trump by publicly disagreeing with him and threatening to resign."
How to Have Closer Friendships (and Why You Need Them)	"Even if you find it easy to make friends — and it’s not, for most people — getting truly close to people is still difficult. Here’s how to make it easier."
"Goo Hara, K-Pop Star of Group Kara, Is Found Dead"	"The 28-year-old singer, known as Hara, was found in her home on Sunday in Seoul, South Korea."
"University to Students on Medicaid: Buy Private Coverage, or Drop Out"	"Just as Idaho expands Medicaid to cover thousands of low-income residents, Brigham Young University’s campus there will no longer accept the free government insurance program."
"A White Officer Shoots a Black Colleague, Deepening a Racial Divide"	"Although they all wear blue, white officers and black officers experience strained relations in St. Louis’s Police Department."
"Her Battles With the Press Corps Behind Her, Sanders Plans a Political Future"	President Trump’s former press secretary has returned to Arkansas a bona fide star eager to play a new role in a post-Trump Republican Party.
"82 Days Underwater: The Tide Is High, but They’re Holding On"	A brutal “king tides” season made worse by climate change has flooded the streets of a Florida Keys community for nearly three months.
Why Giuliani Singled Out 2 Ukrainian Oligarchs to Help Dig Up Dirt	Inside a strategy to leverage damaging information on Joe Biden from foreign citizens who were politically powerful — and legally vulnerable.
The 10 Most Influential Films of the Decade (and 20 Other Favorites)	Our co-chief film critics say these were the films of the 2010s that made a difference in the world of entertainment and beyond.
"My Fellow Republicans, Please Follow the Facts"	It seems clear to me that the president of Ukraine was subjected to a shakedown.
"The Who’s Pete Townshend on Rock’s Legacy, and His Own Dark Past"	“We don’t have the brains to answer the question of what it was that rock ’n’ roll tried to start and has failed to finish.”
Why President Trump’s Ukraine Scheme Matters	It’s what the founders warned us about.
I Invented the World Wide Web. Here’s How We Can Fix It.	I wanted the web to serve humanity. It’s not too late to live up to that promise.
"Who Is Edward Gallagher, the SEAL the Navy Wants to Expel?"	"Chief Petty Officer Edward Gallagher, who was acquitted of serious war crimes but convicted of a minor charge, has the support of President Trump against the Navy’s efforts to punish him."
Devin Nunes Denounces Reports He Played a Role in Ukraine	The top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee called the reports that he met with a former Ukrainian prosecutor part of a criminal campaign against him by a “totally corrupt” news media.
Biden Is Struggling in Iowa and His Supporters There Know Why	"The former vice president’s backers have noted a lack of enthusiasm and a spotty campaign operation as reasons Joe Biden is lagging in Iowa, not to mention a formidable moderate competitor in Pete Buttigieg."
Trump Says He Intervened in War Crimes Cases to Protect ‘Warriors’	The defense secretary said that the president had also ordered the Pentagon not to oust a Navy SEAL from that elite unit.
"Donald McGahn Must Testify to Congress, Judge Rules; Administration Will Appeal"	A judge rejected the Trump administration’s argument that senior White House officials were immune from congressional subpoenas.
U.S. Resumes Large-Scale Operations Against ISIS in Northern Syria	"After a lull of several weeks, American troops and Syrian Kurdish fighters are once again conducting large-scale counterterrorism missions."
More Polio Cases Now Caused by Vaccine Than by Wild Virus	"Four African countries have reported new cases of polio linked to the oral vaccine, as global health numbers show there are now more children being paralyzed by viruses originating in vaccines than in the wild."
‘I Have a Ph.D. in Not Having Money’	"Medical school is expensive for everyone. But for low-income students, the hidden costs can be prohibitive."
Suicides by K-Pop Stars Prompt Soul-Searching in South Korea	"Two beloved female stars, Sulli and Goo Hara, ended their own lives in two months, exposing the painful side of being a K-pop idol."
Google Fires 4 Workers Active in Labor Organizing	A company memo said they had been dismissed “for clear and repeated violations of our data security policies.”
Supreme Court Temporarily Blocks Disclosure of Trump’s Financial Records	"The court set a brisk briefing schedule in the case, which concerns a subpoena from a House committee."
President Trump Signs Federal Animal Cruelty Bill Into Law	"The bill, called the Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture Act, makes intentional acts of cruelty to animals federal crimes carrying penalties of up to seven years in prison."
100 Notable Books of 2019	"The year’s notable fiction, poetry and nonfiction, selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review."
They Voted Democratic. Now They Support Trump.	Two-thirds of battleground state voters who chose Trump in 2016 but selected Democrats in the midterms say they will return to the president next year.
Trump Knew of Whistle-Blower Complaint When He Released Aid to Ukraine	"White House lawyers briefed President Trump in late August about the complaint, people familiar with the matter said."
Albania Earthquake Kills at Least 23	"The 6.4-magnitude quake, one of the strongest to hit the country in decades, struck near Tirana, the capital. Hundreds of injuries were reported."
‘Bleak’ U.N. Report on a Planet in Peril Looms Over New Climate Talks	"Countries agreed to rein in emissions in an effort to avert climate catastrophes. They've failed, according to the latest United Nations report."
White House Budget Official Said 2 Aides Resigned Amid Ukraine Aid Freeze	"Mark Sandy, an official at the Office of Management and Budget, testified that two of his colleagues quit after expressing concerns about President Trump’s decision to withhold military assistance."
Melania Trump Is Booed While Addressing Students in Baltimore	"The first lady, who was speaking at an event for youth opioids awareness, rarely elicits such a visceral crowd reaction on her own."
Feral Hogs Attack and Kill a Woman in Texas	"Christine Rollins, 59, was feet away from the front door when she was killed. It was only the fifth documented fatal wild hog attack in the country since 1825."
"Beijing Was Confident Its Hong Kong Allies Would Win. After the Election, It Went Silent."	"Since the big loss for the pro-Beijing camp, Chinese state media has resorted to a favorite tactic by blaming the United States, a nationalistic message that plays well to the masses at home."
It’s Not Just Poor White People Driving a Decline in Life Expectancy	A new study shows that death rates increased for middle-aged people of all racial and ethnic groups.
"Jared Kushner Fails Up, Again"	"Having solved the Middle East, the president’s son-in-law tackles the border wall."
Your Angry Uncle Wants to Talk About Politics. What Do You Do?	Arguing doesn’t change minds. Here’s what does.
"A College Student Was Killed by a Man Whose Catcalls She Tried to Ignore, Prosecutors Say"	"Ruth George’s attacker grew angry, prosecutors said, when she ignored his remarks. “She was just trying to go home,” a fellow college student said."
Giuliani Pursued Business in Ukraine While Pushing for Inquiries for Trump	The president’s private lawyer explored agreements with Ukrainian officials for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Russia Inquiry Review Is Expected to Undercut Trump Claim of F.B.I. Spying	"The F.B.I. never tried to place undercover agents or informants inside the Trump campaign, a highly anticipated inspector general’s report is expected to find."
Thanksgiving Quiz: Holidays Can Test Us. Will You Pass?	"How much do you know about turkey pardons, football and the dangers of deep-frying a gigantic bird? Test your knowledge here."
Adam Sandler’s Everlasting Shtick	He became America’s most reliable comic star without ever leaving his comfort zone. So what’s he doing in this year’s most anxiety-inducing film?
Your Thanksgiving Day Quiz	It’s time to test your knowledge of American political news.
You’re Tracked Everywhere You Go Online. Use This Guide to Fight Back.	"You can’t stop all of it, but you don’t have to give up."
Pete Buttigieg Responds to Uproar Over Past Comments on Minority Students	"Michael Harriot, who wrote a scathing essay about Mr. Buttigieg in The Root, said his goal was to point out that “the ignoring and whitewashing of the issues, and trying to remain appealing to moderate voters, does a disservice to the Democratic Party’s core constituency.”"
A Montreal Bagel War Unites Rival Kings	A culinary symbol of Montreal has become ensnared in a battle pitting environmentalists against bagel-loving traditionalists.
Does Who You Are at 7 Determine Who You Are at 63?	"In 1964, with “Seven Up!” Michael Apted stumbled into making what has become the most profound documentary series in the history of cinema. Fifty-five years later, the project is reaching its conclusion."
"After 240 Years and 7 Generations, Forced to Sell the Family Farm"	The aging owners of a Catskills farm say it “has to close so we can survive.”
Thousands Evacuated in Texas After Explosion at Port Neches Chemical Plant	A second blast at the plant sent fire and a piece of a tower into the sky. Now residents are being evacuated the night before Thanksgiving.
"Godfrey Gao, ‘Mortal Instruments’ Actor, Dies While Filming TV Show"	"When the 35-year-old performer and model collapsed with an apparent heart attack during filming for a strenuous, stunt-filled series, it set off a wave of anger on Chinese social media."
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Revoke Medals of Honor for Wounded Knee Massacre	"A new Senate bill would rescind medals from 20 U.S. soldiers who slaughtered hundreds of Native Americans. “The horrifying acts of violence against hundreds of Lakota men, women and children at Wounded Knee should be condemned,” Ms. Warren said."
"Trump Signs Hong Kong Democracy Legislation, Angering China"	"The measure, which could lead to sanctions on Chinese officials for cracking down on the protesters, drew bipartisan support from Congress."
The Horrible History of Thanksgiving	"Before you fill your plate, please remember why we mark this day."
The True Story of ‘The Irishman’: I Heard You Paint Tangled Tales	"The movie hits Netflix on Wednesday. Here’s a guide to who’s who, which events are real and whether to believe its claim about Jimmy Hoffa’s disappearance."
Swimmers Beware of Deep Brain Stimulation	"The electronic implants reduced Parkinson’s symptoms, but also erased some patients’ ability to swim."
The Best Movies to Watch on Thanksgiving	"Stuck with your opinionated uncle? Having a Friendsgiving? This list provides after-dinner entertainment options for the tryptophan-impaired, no matter who’s watching."
The Worst Tech Gifts We Give (and How to Do Better)	Gift cards and phone chargers make terrible presents. But those ideas can be transformed into gifts that people will cherish.
Trump Visits Afghanistan and Says He Reopened Talks With Taliban	Details were unclear. The declaration came on an unannounced trip as the president seeks to highlight a record of achievement while he campaigns for re-election.
"Driven From Manhattan, a Couple Consider Westchester. Which Place Did They Choose?"	"After 16 years of rent-stabilized life on West End Avenue, Alan Murray and Marcelo Jara left the city for a place they could afford to buy. Here’s where they landed."
"O.K., Mayor: Why 37-Year-Old Pete Buttigieg Is Attracting Boomers"	"Calling himself the “retirement guy” and pitching a “Gray New Deal,” Mr. Buttigieg has crafted a message that resonates among older white Americans, helping him rocket past other candidates in some polls."
Kevin Talks Turkey	"My brother dishes on Trump, impeachment and the 2020 field."
How Kamala Harris’s Campaign Unraveled	Ms. Harris is the only 2020 Democrat who has fallen hard out of the top tier of candidates. She has proved to be an uneven campaigner who changes her message and tactics to little effect and has a staff torn into factions.
"Donald Trump, Meet Your Precursor"	Andrew Johnson pioneered the recalcitrant racism and impeachment-worthy subterfuge the president is fond of.
Police Shoot Man Dead on London Bridge in ‘Terrorist Incident’	"The authorities said that several people were stabbed, and that the man who was shot appeared to have been wearing “a hoax explosive device.”"
Black Friday 2019: The Holiday Shopping Season Begins	"Whether you’re hitting the stores or buying online from your couch, we’re here to see you through all the doorbuster deals and Black Friday blowouts."
"It’s a Terrible Day in the Neighborhood, and That’s O.K."	"Fred Rogers’s belief that we should validate emotions, not suppress them, is wisdom for all ages."
"Suddenly, the Chinese Threat to Australia Seems Very Real"	"After a businessman said Chinese agents sought to implant him in Parliament, that revelation and other espionage cases have finally signaled the end of a “let’s get rich together” era."
Here’s What’s Happening in the American Teenage Bedroom	Rowan Winch is 15. He’s a businessman.
"Where’s Lindsey? After G.O.P. Outcry, Graham Emerges as a Trump Defender"	"After initially resisting calls to lead Republicans’ impeachment counteroffensive, the senator has now taken on the role with zeal."
"Brad Gobright, Renowned Rock Climber, Is Dead After Fall in Mexico"	"The American free solo climber, one of the world’s best, fell nearly 1,000 feet on Wednesday while using a rope. He was 31."
"News Quiz: Richard Spencer, Uber, Thanksgiving"	Did you stay up-to-date this week?
"Jeffrey Epstein, Blackmail and a Lucrative ‘Hot List’"	A shadowy hacker claimed to have the financier’s sex tapes. Two top lawyers wondered: What would the men in those videos pay to keep them secret?
Britain’s Dirty Election	A serial liar. A campaign of online disinformation. The risk of foreign meddling. Sound familiar?
Teacher Fired After Asking Trump to ‘Remove’ Immigrants Wins Her Appeal	A Texas state agency ruled in favor of the teacher after an independent examiner said tweets she sent to the president were free speech.
Prime Mover: How Amazon Wove Itself Into the Life of an American City	"For most people, it’s the click that brings a package to their door. But a look at Baltimore shows how Amazon may now reach into Americans’ daily existence in more ways than any corporation in history."
A Pennsylvania County’s Election Day Nightmare Underscores Voting Machine Concerns	How “everything went wrong” in Northampton County.
Winter Storm Expected to Disrupt Travel Starting Sunday	"Travelers headed home after Thanksgiving are likely to face flight delays and treacherous roads, forecasters said."
Brazil’s Leader Falsely Blames Leonardo DiCaprio for Amazon Fires	"President Jair Bolsonaro falsely claimed that the actor had financed the fires, his latest broadside to shift blame."
The Case for Bernie	The Democrats need a unifier. It could be the Vermont Socialist.
John Kerry Launches Star-Studded Climate Coalition	"John Kerry and a group that includes some Republicans, some military members and a lot of Hollywood, are launching a new coalition to push for public action on climate change."
Trump’s Intervention in SEALs Case Tests Pentagon’s Tolerance	Chief Petty Officer Edward Gallagher’s case pits a Pentagon hierarchy committed to enforcing longstanding rules of combat against a commander in chief with no military experience but a finely honed sense of grievance against authority.
"In Prince Andrew Scandal, Prince Charles Emerges as Monarch-in-Waiting"	"After a public-relations debacle stirred questions about the role of Queen Elizabeth II, the Prince of Wales is asserting a newfound authority in British royal affairs."
Cooking Grease Down a Drain Eyed in Sewage Flood of at Least 80 Homes	A blocked pipe caused sewage to back up several feet deep in homes in a Queens neighborhood as officials looked at a familiar culprit on the heels of Thanksgiving.
Want to Get Into the Christmas Spirit? Face the Darkness	How I fell in love with the season of Advent.
Jack Merritt Died in the London Bridge Attack. Don’t Forget What He Stood For.	Remembering a life cut short.
How a Poisonous Mammal Evolved Its Venom	"Solenodons are highly unusual, and very difficult to study."
How a Divided Left Is Losing the Battle on Abortion	"Miscalculations, and an unexpected victory by President Trump, have put abortion access at its most vulnerable point in decades, and the left on the defensive. Now it is trying to recover."
"With Brutal Crackdown, Iran Convulsed by Worst Unrest in 40 Years"	What started as a protest over a surprise increase in gasoline prices turned into widespread demonstrations met with a systematic repression that left at least 180 people dead.
H.I.V. Is Coming to Rural America	And rural America is not ready.
"China Has Lost Taiwan, and It Knows It"	So it is attacking democracy on the island from within.
He Gave Thanks for His 2 Dads. His Teacher Condemned Gay Couples.	"The substitute teacher was fired from a Utah public school. One of the boy’s parents, Louis van Amstel of “Dancing With the Stars,” wondered how she had become a teacher in the first place."
6 Takeaways From Melania Trump’s Unauthorized Biography	"“Free, Melania” gets into the first lady’s relationship with Ivanka, “Be Best” and that “I really don’t care” jacket."
The Best TV Shows of 2019	"Even though this year brought an exodus of notable shows, there’s still so much great TV that it’s hard for anyone to rank it all comprehensively. We’re giving it a shot anyway."
Trump Is the Founders’ Worst Nightmare	"Once in the Oval Office, a demagogue can easily stay there."
Melania Trump Reveals Christmas Décor but Stays Hidden	"What you can see, and what you can’t see, in the official White House photographs."
Democrats Ready Impeachment Report as Republicans Argue Trump Did Nothing Wrong	"In a report intended to counter Democrats’ impeachment case against President Trump, Republicans argued his efforts to get Ukraine to investigate his rivals had nothing to do with politics."
"Student With Gun Is Shot by Officer in Wisconsin High School, Police Say"	"The student, who was in stable condition, had pointed the gun at officers at Waukesha South High School, officials said."
"Dead Whale, 220 Pounds of Debris Inside, Is a ‘Grim Reminder’ of Ocean Trash"	"The sperm whale washed up on a Scottish beach with a stomach full of rope, netting and plastic. “What was unusual in this case was the sheer volume,” a local expert said."
Watch 4 Decades of Inequality Drive American Cities Apart	The biggest metropolitan areas are now the most unequal.
America’s Red State Death Trip	Why does falling life expectancy track political orientation?
"NASA Finds India’s Vikram Moon Lander Crash Site, With Amateur’s Help"	"Since India lost contact with the spacecraft in September, the precise location of its crash has been a mystery."
Mother of Children Found Hanging in Basement Is Charged With Murder	"The woman maintains that two of her children, ages 4 and 8, killed themselves in their Pennsylvania home in September."
"In Tense Exchange, Trump and Macron Put Forth Dueling Visions for NATO"	President Trump said a warning from President Emmanuel Macron of France that Europe could no longer assume American support was “a very dangerous statement.” Mr. Macron said he stood by it.
Impeachment Report Says Trump Solicited Foreign Election Interference	The House Intelligence Committee concluded that President Trump tried to “use the powers of his office to solicit foreign interference on his behalf in the 2020 election.”
Kamala Harris Drops Out of 2020 Presidential Race	The announcement is perhaps the most surprising development to date in a Democratic presidential campaign where Ms. Harris began in the top tier.
Prince Andrew’s Accuser Takes Her Case to the BBC	"For the first time, Virginia Roberts Giuffre told a British television audience about a trip she took to London in 2001, during which, she says, she was ordered to have sex with Prince Andrew."
"China Uses DNA to Map Faces, With Help From the West"	Beijing’s pursuit of control over a Muslim ethnic group pushes the rules of science and raises questions about consent.
Trump Loses Appeal on Deutsche Bank Subpoenas	A federal court ruling is a victory for House Democrats who are investigating President Trump’s relationship with the German bank.
How McKinsey Helped the Trump Administration Carry Out Its Immigration Policies	Newly uncovered documents show the consulting giant helped ICE find “detention savings opportunities” — including measures the agency’s staff sometimes viewed as too harsh on immigrants.
‘It Just Isn’t Working’: PISA Test Scores Cast Doubt on U.S. Education Efforts	An international exam shows that American 15-year-olds are stagnant in reading and math even though the country has spent billions to close gaps with the rest of the world.
"‘I Don’t Know Prince Andrew,’ Trump Says. Photos Say Otherwise."	"Speaking to reporters in London, President Trump denied knowing Prince Andrew, despite having been photographed with him on several occasions."
A Mysterious ‘-1’ and Other Call Records Show How Giuliani Pressured Ukraine	House Democrats’ impeachment report showed the president’s personal lawyer executing an irregular foreign policy.
Read the House Democrats’ Report on the Impeachment Inquiry	Democrats on three House committees on Tuesday released a report documenting the impeachment case against President Trump.
"For Trump and Europe, a Surprising Role Reversal"	"Where the president once kept European leaders off balance, Europe’s shifting landscape now has the Great Disrupter scrambling to recalibrate his approach."
"In Video, World Leaders Seem to Be Commiserating About Trump"	"The leaders of Canada, France and Britain did not appear to realize that their conversation at a Buckingham Palace reception was being recorded."
Peloton Holiday Ad Criticized as Sexist	"The 30-second ad, which features a man giving a woman a Peloton Bike for the holidays, inspired parodies on social media and comparisons to “Black Mirror.”"
Era Ends for Google as Founders Step Aside From a Pillar of Tech	"Sundar Pichai, who has run Google for several years, is taking the reins from Larry Page as Alphabet’s C.E.O."
12 Stunning Cookies That Will Impress Everyone You Know	"Sweet, striking and unexpected: These are Christmas cookies for the modern era. Make, mix and match these reimagined classics, and you’ll have a spread no one will forget."
Impeachment Hearing Updates: Scholars Call Trump’s Actions an Abuse of Power	But an expert invited by Republicans said the case against President Trump was “slipshod” during the first formal impeachment hearing by the Judiciary Committee. Republicans and Democrats sparred as the panel kicked off a sharply partisan debate over whether to recommend Mr. Trump’s impeachment.
"Giuliani, Facing Scrutiny, Travels to Europe to Interview Ukrainians"	President Trump’s personal lawyer has been in Budapest and Kyiv this week to talk with former Ukrainian prosecutors for a documentary series intended to debunk the impeachment case.
"After the Rapper T.I.’s Remarks, N.Y. May Ban ‘Virginity Tests’"	"Legislation was introduced after the rapper said he subjects his daughter to a yearly hymen exam, sparking outrage on social media."
Best Movies of 2019	"These titles prove that while the streaming arguments rage and the medium may be a mess, the art form is as healthy as ever."
James Harden Dunked It. Ruling: No Basket.	The Rockets are up in arms about a dubious call in a loss to the Spurs.
What the C.I.A.’s Torture Program Looked Like to the Tortured	Drawings done in captivity by the first prisoner known to undergo “enhanced interrogation” portray his account of what happened to him in vivid and disturbing ways.
Hundreds of Thousands Are Losing Access to Food Stamps	The Agriculture Department gave its final approval to the first of three rules that are ultimately expected to cut more than three million from the food stamp rolls.
Who Is Jonathan Turley? Republicans’ Lone Expert on Impeachment	"A professor at George Washington University Law School, he has represented whistle-blowers, members of Congress and terrorism suspects."
‘He Showed Us Life’: Japanese Doctor Who Brought Water to Afghans Is Killed	"Tetsu Nakamura, 73, arrived in Afghanistan in the 1980s to treat leprosy. But he changed many more lives with the canal-building techniques he brought from his native Japan."
"Florida Keys Deliver a Hard Message: As Seas Rise, Some Places Can’t Be Saved"	"A project to calculate the cost of raising roads shows that some places may not justify the vast expense, casting doubt on the future of those areas."
"Sailor at Pearl Harbor Shipyard Fatally Shoots 2, Injures 1 and Kills Himself, U.S. Says"	The Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam was placed on lockdown for about an hour and a half.
"Mocked Abroad and Assailed at Home, Trump Returns to Face Impeachment"	Two days in London on the world stage provided him no respite.
"Climate Change Is Accelerating, Bringing World ‘Dangerously Close’ to Irreversible Change"	"The acceleration climate change's effects have brought the world “dangerously close” to abrupt and irreversible changes, scientists warned. "
Pelosi Says House Will Draft Impeachment Charges Against Trump	The speaker said she was instructing House committee chairmen to move forward with articles of impeachment against President Trump; another hearing is scheduled for Monday.
I Worked for Alex Jones. I Regret It.	I dropped out of film school to edit video for the conspiracy theorist because I believed in his worldview. Then I saw what it did to people.
"R. Kelly Married Aaliyah at Age 15 by Using Bribes, Charges Allege"	"He bribed a government employee in 1994 so that he could obtain a fake ID for the singer Aaliyah, a person familiar with the matter said."
Perspective: India’s Deepika Padukone on Why She Took Her Battle With Depression Public	The Bollywood star was diagnosed with the illness in 2014. She is now committed to reducing the stigma against depression in her country.
"Tekashi69 Is Praised by Prosecutors, Who Urge a Lenient Sentence"	His cooperation with the government led hip-hop fans and other rappers to call him a snitch and a fraud.
Late Night Can’t Get Enough of World Leaders Laughing at Trump	"President Trump’s leaving NATO early after the release of a video in which leaders mock him was like a child calling his mother to come get him from a sleepover, Trevor Noah said."
Inconvenient Murders	The global surge in Jew-hatred barely registers in the West.
Football Is Dying in Ohio. A Coach in This County Made It Thrive.	Demographics suggest football should be dying in Mercer County. Instead it’s booming and producing state champions.
Joe Biden Trades Barbs With Voter in Iowa: ‘You’re a Damn Liar’	"Shortly after John Kerry, the former secretary of state, endorsed Mr. Biden in the 2020 Democratic primary, the former vice president had a heated confrontation with a voter."
When Pete Buttigieg Was One of McKinsey’s ‘Whiz Kids’	"The candidate, citing a nondisclosure agreement, has been largely mum about his stint at “the firm.” Former McKinsey employees helped fill in the blanks."
Would You Consider Living on Roosevelt Island? Two Newcomers Look There for the ‘Flow of Life’	"A California couple, bored with life in Palo Alto, search for a new home across the country. Here’s where they wound up."
Pantone Declares Another Year of Blue	Can the latest color of the year help people feel better? Or just help sell a lot of stuff?
"4 Killed in Shootout After Police Chase Outside Miami, F.B.I. Says"	"The shootout followed the hijacking of a UPS truck and the kidnapping of its driver by two people who tried to rob a jewelry store, a special agent said."
Buttigieg’s Untenable Vow of Silence	He needs to give voters more information about his work for the consulting firm McKinsey.
I Was Once a Socialist. Then I Saw How It Worked.	"Two cheers for capitalism, now and forever."
Pensacola Shooting Updates: Gunman Was a Saudi Military Trainee	"The member of the Saudi Air Force killed three people at Naval Air Station Pensacola before he was shot dead by officers responding to the scene, the authorities said."
"After Horrific Rape in India, Police Kill 4 Suspects"	"The police said the men linked to the Hyderabad case had gone for officers’ guns. Rights activists questioned the police’s account, while many Indians celebrated."
"Uber Says 3,045 Sexual Assaults Were Reported in U.S. Rides Last Year"	"In its first safety report, the ride-hailing company detailed sexual assaults, murders and fatal crashes through its platform."
‘A Present From Norway and It’s Dead’: Christmas Tree Unites London in Dismay	"“It looks like a Christmas tree losing hair,” one Londoner said of the fir in Trafalgar Square. It did not put everyone in the holiday spirit."
"Accused of Killing a Gambino Mob Boss, He’s Presenting a Novel Defense"	Anthony Comello is obsessed with conspiracy theories. His paranoia is being litigated in a Staten Island court.
‘I Got Tired of Hunting Black and Hispanic People’	Multiple police officers in Brooklyn say they were told by a commander that white and Asian people should be left alone.
The Accidental Celebrities of the Impeachment Inquiry	"At congressional hearings, protests and even over pizza, some background players are finding momentary fame."
No Hearing Aids? Then No Marriage	"After more than five decades together, a lack of conversation leads to a divided house and a “gray divorce.”"
White House Signals Trump Won’t Mount House Impeachment Defense	"In a sharply worded letter, the White House counsel denounced the impeachment inquiry and called on Democrats to end it, or get it over with quickly so it could proceed to a Senate trial."
Release of Trump’s Banking Records Delayed by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg	The stay came three days after a lower court had ordered Deutsche Bank and Capital One to turn over President Trump’s financial records to Congress.
"News Quiz: NATO, Tariffs, 2020 Race"	Did you stay up-to-date this week?
"Australia Burns Again, and Now Its Biggest City Is Choking"	"In Sydney, fresh air and ocean breezes have long been treated as a daily birthright. Not anymore."
Elon Musk Is Cleared in Lawsuit Over His ‘Pedo Guy’ Tweet	A jury found that the Tesla billionaire did not defame a cave explorer in a dispute over a rescue effort in Thailand last year.
"In Prisoner Swap, Iran Frees American Held Since 2016"	Xiyue Wang was a graduate student at Princeton who had been sentenced to 10 years in prison on two charges of espionage that U.S. officials have called groundless.
"When a DNA Test Says You’re a Younger Man, Who Lives 5,000 Miles Away"	"After a bone marrow transplant, a man with leukemia found that his donor’s DNA traveled to unexpected parts of his body. A crime lab is now studying the case."
Katie Hill: It’s Not Over After All	"I overcame the desperation I felt after stepping down from Congress, and I’m still in the fight."
"There Is a Right Way to Teach Reading, and Mississippi Knows It"	The state’s reliance on cognitive science explains why.
Video Games and Online Chats Are ‘Hunting Grounds’ for Sexual Predators	"Criminals are making virtual connections with children through gaming and social media platforms. One popular site warns visitors, “Please be careful.”"
"The $120,000 Banana Wins Art Basel"	Stampeding billionaires took over Miami Beach for the annual art fair where everybody is V.I.P.
Six Saudis Said to Be Questioned After Pensacola Navy Base Shooting	Authorities were trying to determine whether the shooting that killed three and injured eight others was an act of terrorism.
The Interstellar Comet Has Arrived in Time for the Holidays	"This weekend an ice cube from beyond our solar system will make its closest approach to the sun, trailing mystery and dust."
My So-Karen Life	"I know Karens are hard. As a member of Gen X, I grew up surrounded by them."
Kindergartner Invites His Entire Class to His Adoption Hearing	Nearly two dozen kindergartners gave testimonials in a Michigan courtroom about how much they loved the soon-to-be-adopted boy.
Officials Continue Investigating Gunman’s Motive in Navy Base Attack	A Saudi national at Naval Air Station Pensacola fatally shot three people before he was killed on Friday.
"Trump Wants a Review of Toilets: Americans Are Flushing ‘10 Times, 15 Times’"	The president’s comments about water efficiency standards came up at a discussion on Friday about reducing government red tape.
Violence Drives a Swell in Mexican Migration	"Many are asylum seekers but are being forced to wait in Mexico, where their lives may be at risk."
The Man Who Predicted Nazi Germany	"In 1919, John Maynard Keynes foresaw the chaos that would follow from the Versailles peace treaty."
"A $120,000 Banana Is Peeled From an Art Exhibition and Eaten"	"As people watched, a prankster removed the banana, which was taped to a wall at Art Basel in Miami Beach."
"For Trump, Instinct After Florida Killings Is Simple: Protect Saudis"	"Before issuing his own condolences, the president channeled the Saudi king’s, and avoided any discussion of the hard questions about why the U.S. is training Saudi officers."
"Lovers in Auschwitz, Reunited 72 Years Later. He Had One Question."	Was she the reason he was alive today?
Finland Is a Capitalist Paradise	Can high taxes be good for business? You bet.
"Juice WRLD, Rising Rap Artist, Dies at 21"	"He began posting songs online while in high school. But it was his debut EP, “9 9 9,” that caught the attention of labels after its release in 2017."
"Caroll Spinney, Big Bird’s Alter Ego on ‘Sesame Street,’ Is Dead at 85"	"Besides the sweet-natured giant yellow bird, he also played the misanthropic bellyacher Oscar the Grouch."
Hundreds Spend the Night in Sleeping Bags on Times Square	"World’s Big Sleep Out, drawing attention to homelessness, happened in New York, London and other cities."
"Hong Kong Protest, Largest in Weeks, Stretches Several Miles"	Throngs of people poured into major thoroughfares for a march marking Human Rights Day.
Call It a Crime of Pasta	"The famous pasta-making women of Bari, Italy, are worried that a crackdown on contraband orecchiette pasta could threaten their way of life."
"‘S.N.L.’: Paul Rudd, Jimmy Fallon and James Corden Rule the NATO Cafeteria"	An opening sketch featured celebrities playing the world leaders who were caught on tape gossiping about President Trump.
Donald Trump Is Demeaning Congress	The best course for the House is to present a case for impeachment focused on Ukraine and the danger to the 2020 elections.
"5-Year-Old Carries Baby in Subzero Cold After They Are Abandoned, Police Say"	"A power outage scared the older child, who, wearing socks and light clothing, carried the baby about half a mile to another house in Alaska."
NATO Conference Is Canceled After U.S. Ambassador Barred a Trump Critic	"An expert was scheduled to speak at the Copenhagen event but was told the ambassador, Carla Sands, had vetoed his participation."
The Indispensable Man: How Giuliani Led Trump to the Brink of Impeachment	"Rudy Giuliani didn’t get the job he expected. But as unpaid personal counsel to the president and for-profit peddler of access and advice, he got the spotlight."
Russia Banned From Olympics and Global Sports for 4 Years Over Doping	"The World Anti-Doping Agency’s unanimous decision, if upheld, would exclude Russia from the 2020 Olympics, and the Winter Games and World Cup in 2022."
New Zealand Volcano Eruption Leaves ‘No Signs of Life’ on White Island	Five people were confirmed dead and more were missing as rescuers struggled to reach the popular tourist site.
India Takes Step Toward Blocking Naturalization for Muslims	"A bill establishing a religious test for immigrants has passed the lower house of Parliament, a major step for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Hindu-nationalist agenda."
Sanna Marin of Finland to Become World’s Youngest Prime Minister	"At 34, Ms. Marin will head a coalition made up of five parties, in a government led by women."
Barr and Durham Publicly Disagree With Horowitz Report on Russia Inquiry	The attorney general reprised his role as a vocal defender of President Trump.
The Eight Counts of Impeachment That Trump Deserves	The lessons from Nixon and Clinton.
Pensacola Attack Probed for Terrorism Link. Saudi Suspect Clashed With Instructor.	"The F.B.I. said it was conducting a terrorism investigation into the shooting at Naval Air Station Pensacola, as new information emerged about the gunman’s training at the facility."
"Paul A. Volcker, Fed Chairman Who Waged War on Inflation, Is Dead at 92"	"Mr. Volcker helped shape American economic policy for decades, notably by leading the Federal Reserve’s brute-force campaign to subdue inflation in the 1970s and ’80s."
Golden Globes 2020: Here Is the Full List of Nominations	A complete list of the nominees for the 2020 Golden Globe Awards.
The Great Recycling Con	The greatest trick corporations ever played was making us think we could recycle their products.
Impeachment Hearing Takeaways: Democrats Allege ‘Brazen’ Trump Scheme While Republicans Lament ‘Unfair’ Process	"At the House Judiciary Committee hearing, Democrats stuck to repeating the facts of their case as Republicans denounced impeachment as a misguided partisan process."
Documents Reveal U.S. Officials Misled Public on War in Afghanistan	"The documents, obtained by The Washington Post, paint a stark picture of missteps and failures in the American effort to pacify and rebuild the country."
"Before Death, Juice WRLD Flew on Jet Loaded With Drugs, Police Say"	"The up-and-coming artist, whose cause of death remains unknown, went into convulsions while officers in Chicago searched the private plane he arrived in."
"Despite Turnaround, ‘Beetlejuice’ Being Forced Out of Theater"	The $21 million musical will be hoping for a new home after the Shubert Organization made way for Hugh Jackman and ‘The Music Man.’
Vanna White Takes a Spin as ‘Wheel of Fortune’ Host After 37 Years	"After Pat Sajak had emergency surgery, the show’s famous letter-turner took her first turn leading the show, for three weeks of episodes that start airing on Monday."
"Trump ‘Ignored and Injured’ the National Interest, Democrats Charge in Impeachment Articles"	Democratic leaders unveiled articles of impeachment charging President Trump with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress.
Read the Articles of Impeachment Against President Trump	House Democrats released two articles of impeachment charging President Trump with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. See them with context and analysis by The Times’s chief White House correspondent.
"Jersey City Shooting Live Updates: 6 Killed, Including an Officer"	Two shooters opened fire on Tuesday afternoon at a kosher market. There was “no indication of terrorism.”
Juice WRLD and the Tragic End of the SoundCloud Rap Era	"The death of the 21-year-old rapper, which comes after those of Lil Peep and XXXTentacion, marks the unsatisfying, rapid conclusion of the decade’s most promising musical movement."
Donald Trump Is Bad for the Jews	There are things more important than your tax rate.
Late Night Is Flush With Jokes Over Trump’s Toilet Talk	President Trump’s complaints about Americans’ flushing habits were an easy target on Monday night.
Don’t Think Sanders Can Win? You Don’t Understand His Campaign	There was a time in America when being called a socialist could end a political career. Not anymore.
Impeach Trump. Save America.	It is the only thing to do if our country’s democracy is to survive.
Someone Is Putting Cowboy Hats on Pigeons in Las Vegas	No one knows why. A rodeo was in town but denied any connection. The Las Vegas police said it “does not appear to be a police matter at this time.”
"How Pete Buttigieg Spent His McKinsey Days: Blue Cross, Best Buy, U.S. Agencies"	The list is the latest in a series of disclosures his campaign has made after it was criticized for lacking transparency.
Trump Targets Anti-Semitism and Israeli Boycotts on College Campuses	"The president’s order would allow the government to withhold money from campuses deemed to be biased, but critics see it as an attack on free speech."
Why Were Tourists Allowed to Visit an Active New Zealand Volcano?	Visitors were allowed to tour the mouth of the White Island volcano despite recent warnings about bursts of gas and steam.
What Happens When a Weddings Influencer Gets Divorced?	Stone Fox Bride made Molly Rosen Guy the face of bohemian weddings. Then her marriage ended.
"Giulianis Settle Ugly Divorce Case, Avoiding a Public Trial"	"Pretrial proceedings revealed the couple’s $230,000 monthly spending, which enabled $12,000 splurges for cigars and $7,000 for fountain pens."
The I.R.S. Sent a Letter to 3.9 Million People. It Saved Some of Their Lives.	The study was an accident. The results show the positive effects of health insurance.
This Is What Racism Sounds Like in the Banking Industry	A JPMorgan employee and a customer secretly recorded their conversations with bank employees.
Jersey City Shooting: Suspect Linked to Black Hebrew Israelite Group	"The Black Hebrew Israelites have been labeled a hate group. The suspect wrote anti-Semitic and anti-police posts, an official said."
Weinstein and His Accusers Reach Tentative $25 Million Deal	"A proposed settlement would end nearly every lawsuit filed by the Hollywood producer’s alleged victims, without his having to admit wrongdoing or pay anything to the women."
House Passes $738 Billion Military Bill With Space Force and Parental Leave	"A bipartisan group of lawmakers agreed to give troops a pay raise and the president his Space Force, while jettisoning a slew of measures that would have reined in the president’s war powers."
New York’s Top 10 New Restaurants of 2019	"Pete Wells names his favorites among the new food halls, tasting counters, pasta joints, dim sum parlors and taco trucks he visited this year."
3 Crime Scenes and 6 Dead: Rampage Stuns Jersey City	The violence ended at a kosher market where three bystanders were slain. The mayor said the attackers had “targeted the location.”
Black Hebrew Israelites: What We Know About the Fringe Group	"A suspect in the deadly attack on a kosher market in Jersey City was connected to the Black Hebrew Israelites, which has been labeled a hate group."
Terminally Ill at 25 and Fighting Fake News on Vaccines	"In 2015, an anti-vaccination campaign in Ireland caused a sudden fall in the uptake of the HPV vaccine. Then Laura Brennan got involved."
Jared Kushner: President Trump Is Defending Jewish Students	"With an executive order, he makes clear that anti-Semitism is not to be tolerated."
Aung San Suu Kyi Defends Myanmar Against Rohingya Genocide Accusations	"After hearing a roll call of horrors inflicted on Rohingya Muslims, the Nobel laureate explained Myanmar’s case in The Hague."
9-Year-Old Prodigy Pulled From College Over Degree Delay	Laurent Simons made headlines last month when he was set to become the world’s youngest university graduate. But his parents now have other plans.
Trump Pays $2 Million to 8 Charities for Misuse of Foundation	"Under a settlement, the president admitted he had used his charity to bolster his campaign and settle business debts."
Will ‘Star Wars’ Stick the Landing? J.J. Abrams Will Try	"A creative shake-up, last-minute rewrites and a director not known for great endings: J.J. Abrams and company get real about the making of “The Rise of Skywalker.”"
We Just Got a Rare Look at National Security Surveillance. It Was Ugly.	A high-profile inspector general report has served as fodder for arguments about President Trump. But its findings about surveillance are important beyond partisan politics.
Live Updates: U.K. Votes in General Election	Britain’s voters head to the polls to choose their next government on Thursday in a deeply divided moment for the country that has left the outcome unpredictable.
"Tessa Majors, Barnard Student, 18, Is Fatally Stabbed Near Campus"	"A first-year student, she was killed during an armed robbery in Morningside Park."
"Trump Mocks Greta Thunberg on Twitter, and She Jabs Back"	"The 16-year-old climate activist changed her Twitter biography to read, “a teenager working on her anger management problem,” after the president tossed that accusation at her."
"Boy, 2, Is Fatally Hit by Subway Train at Busy Manhattan Station"	The child became separated from his mother at a financial district station during the evening rush hour.
Impeachment in the House Is the Victory	Donald Trump and his supporters need to know that you can be punished for your actions.
Apple AirPods Pro Review: The ‘Hearable’ at Its Best	"At $249, Apple’s noise-canceling wireless earbuds are a strong contender in the high-end earphones market."
Killing of Barnard Student Tessa Majors Unnerves Campus and City	Freshman was fatally stabbed during an early-evening walk in Morningside Park.
Clinton Portis and Other Ex-N.F.L. Players Face Health Care Fraud Charges	Prosecutors said the players were paid $3.4 million in phony claims for things like medical equipment that was never purchased. Portis played seven seasons with the Washington Redskins.
Impeachment Highlights: Judiciary Committee Finished Debate and Recessed for Vote Friday Morning	Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee spent more than 14 hours trying to gut or water down the Democrats’ draft of the articles of impeachment. All their amendments failed.
Will Trump Debate a Democrat in 2020? He’s Not So Sure.	The president’s concern is not so much whom he will be debating but the commission that runs the debates.
"Priced Out of Harlem, They Wanted Space for Guests and a Yard. Which Home Did They Choose?"	"A young couple flees Manhattan in search of two bedrooms, in-house laundry and some outdoor space. Could they find all that in Brooklyn?"
Conservatives Win Commanding Majority in U.K. Vote: ‘Brexit Will Happen’	"The strong showing is vindication for Boris Johnson, who now has a chance to put his personal stamp on Britain, beginning with Brexit."
House Panel Delays Vote on Impeachment Articles	"The House Judiciary Committee abruptly postponed the expected party-line approval of two articles of impeachment, now set for Friday, which will send the charges to the full House for a vote."
"U.K. Election Updates: In Victory, Johnson Promises Brexit and More"	"Prime Minister Boris Johnson said a sweeping Conservative victory gave him “a powerful new mandate to get Brexit done,” while a dejected Labour Party searched for a way forward."
Panel Approves Impeachment Articles and Sends Charges for a House Vote	The House Judiciary Committee voted over Republican objections to advance two articles of impeachment accusing President Trump of abuse of power and obstruction of Congress.
"For Trump, Impeachment May Be a Political Plus but Also a Personal Humiliation"	"As the House moves toward what even he says is an inevitable vote to impeach him for high crimes and misdemeanors, President Trump toggles between self-pity and combativeness."
Democracy Grief Is Real	"Seeing what Trump is doing to America, many find it hard to fight off despair."
Supreme Court to Rule on Release of Trump’s Financial Records	"The court’s ruling, expected by June, could release information the president has tried to protect. Or the justices could rule that his financial affairs are not legitimate subjects of inquiry so long as he remains in office."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
"‘I’m 13’: Boy Arrested in Killing of Tessa Majors, Barnard Freshman"	"He appeared in court on murder and robbery charges. Detectives believe two other teenagers took part in the stabbing, an official said."
The 10 Best Books of 2019	The editors of The Times Book Review choose the best fiction and nonfiction titles this year.
The Party That Ruined the Planet	Republican climate denial is even scarier than Trumpism.
Help Wanted: Queen Elizabeth Seeks Social Media Director on LinkedIn	"The job pays up to 50,000 pounds a year (about $67,000), with weekends off and free lunch, according to Buckingham Palace."
She Accused a Tech Billionaire of Rape. The Chinese Internet Turned Against Her.	"Liu Jingyao, a college student, describes what it’s like to be slut-shamed by 800 million people."
"Danny Aiello, Actor in ‘Do the Right Thing,’ Dies at 86"	"A memorable character actor on both stage and screen, Mr. Aiello won an Academy Award nomination for his role in Spike Lee’s 1989 film."
Bernie Sanders Retracts Endorsement of Cenk Uygur After Criticism	"Mr. Sanders had said Mr. Uygur was “a voice we desperately need in Congress.” But many Democrats condemned the endorsement, citing Mr. Uygur’s history of offensive comments."
"It Was a Great Day for Trump, Except for That ‘Scam’"	"The president expressed delight in a “wild week” of deal making, but his frustration over impeachment was never far from the surface."
"News Quiz: Impeachment, U.K. Election, Art Basel Miami Beach"	Did you stay up-to-date this week?
"Matt Bevin, Ousted in Kentucky, Sets Off Furor With ‘Extreme Pardons’"	"The outgoing governor pardoned or commuted the sentences of more than 400 people as he left office, prompting calls for an investigation."
The Jungle Prince of Delhi	"For 40 years, journalists chronicled the eccentric royal family of Oudh, deposed aristocrats who lived in a ruined palace in the Indian capital. It was a tragic, astonishing story. But was it true?"
Man Accused of Smacking Reporter’s Rear on Live TV Is Charged	"Alex Bozarjian was reporting on a race in Savannah, Ga., when a passing runner slapped her behind. A video clip of the episode shared on Twitter provoked outrage."
Hallmark Channel Pulls Zola Ads Featuring Brides Kissing	A spokesman for the channel said the lesbian couple’s P.D.A. violated its policies. Hallmark did not reject a similar ad featuring an opposite-sex couple.
"Representative Jeff Van Drew, Anti-Impeachment Democrat, Plans to Switch Parties"	"The freshman Democrat, who represents a New Jersey district where President Trump is popular, told aides he would announce his switch next week."
"$625,000 Settlement for Woman Whose Child Was Torn From Her Arms"	Jazmine Headley sued over a confrontation with New York City workers that was captured in a widely seen video.
A Recession Hasn’t Arrived (Yet). Here’s Where You’ll See It First.	"Amid last summer’s recession fever, we identified the key indicators to watch for signs of trouble. Five months later, the situation has improved, but risks remain."
Boris Johnson and the Coming Trump Victory in 2020	"In the postindustrial wasteland, the working class embraced an old Etonian mouthing about unleashed British potential."
"Despite ‘Be Best’ Campaign, Melania Trump Stays Mum as Husband Mocks Greta Thunberg"	"But Stephanie Grisham, the White House press secretary, said in a statement that the first lady communicates “differently” from President Trump."
Congrats on the Heisman Trophy. Now Sign Here and Promise to Not Sell It.	"Since 1999, winners of college football’s top award have been prohibited from selling their hardware. At least 11 Heismans from older winners have been sold in the last 20 years."
He Was One of Mexico’s Deadliest Assassins. Then He Turned on His Cartel.	"“They took away everything left in me that was human and made me a monster,” said the hit man."
"Trump’s Bad. Sadly, He’s Not Alone."	"Another wild week for the president, but does it lead to rejection or re-election?"
U.S. Secretly Expelled Chinese Officials Suspected of Spying After Breach of Military Base	Chinese Embassy officials trespassed onto a Virginia base that is home to Special Operations forces. Their expulsions added to tensions between Washington and Beijing.
Military Investigating Suspected ‘White Power’ Hand Gestures Flashed at Game	The Army and Naval academies said they were looking into whether hand symbols by cadets and midshipmen at a football game on Saturday were related to hate groups.
Prime Leverage: How Amazon Wields Power in the Technology World	Software start-ups have a phrase for what Amazon is doing to them: ‘strip-mining’ them of their innovations.
When the O.K. Sign Is No Longer O.K.	Here is how a hand gesture long seen as innocuous has taken on connotations of racism and right-wing trolling culture.
The Year Women Got ‘Horny’	Women reclaimed a word once the province of crass boys and men who are boys.
The World Wants More Danish TV Than Denmark Can Handle	"The streaming boom has led to huge international demand for shows from this tiny country, but there aren’t enough professionals to produce them."
"‘S.N.L.’ Presents Kellyanne Conway’s ‘Marriage Story,’ Plus Baby Yoda"	It was a Christmas miracle: “Saturday Night Live” opened the show with a sketch that wasn’t dependent on celebrity cameos.
The D.N.C. Chairman Knows No One Is Happy. Neither Is He.	"Tom Perez has the worst job in American politics, and he beat Pete Buttigieg to get it."
How to Have Closer Friendships (and Why You Need Them)	"Even if you find it easy to make friends — and it’s not, for most people — getting truly close to people is still difficult. Here’s how to make it easier."
The Impeachment Process Is Barely Functioning	Hyperpartisan politics and an implacable president may break Congress’s ability to check him.
I Headed the F.B.I. and C.I.A. There’s a Dire Threat to the Country I Love.	"The rule of law is the principle that protects every American from the abuse of monarchs, despots and tyrants."
"Lovers in Auschwitz, Reunited 72 Years Later. He Had One Question."	Was she the reason he was alive today?
7 Aides Resign Over Rep. Van Drew’s Plan to Switch to Republican Party	"As news spread of the New Jersey congressman’s apparent decision, most of the staff in his Washington office quit."
"Vermont, Oklahoma and Now Topeka, Kan., Want You"	"Topeka, the state capital of Kansas, is the latest community to use money to lure out-of-towners."
"As Protests Rage, Is India Moving Closer to Becoming a Hindu Nation?"	Several people have been killed as unrest spreads to new corners of the country. Many see the passage of a new law as anti-Muslim.
Trump’s Lasting Legacy	America has changed under this president.
Why You Shouldn’t Believe Those G.D.P. Numbers	"The statistics keep on rising, but they don’t track the well-being of most Americans."
"The Incredible, Indelible ‘Watchmen’"	"The finale, like the whole audacious season, broke a lot of eggs and hatched something astonishing."
Boeing to Temporarily Shut Down 737 Max Production	Halting production of the plane will most likely hurt parts suppliers and could have a broader effect on the American economy.
Fashion Nova’s Secret: Underpaid Workers in Los Angeles Factories	The online retailer makes fast fashion for the Instagram elite. The way many of its garments are made is much less glamorous.
A Doctor’s Diary: The Overnight Shift in the E.R.	"In the typical emergency room, demand far outpaces the care that workers can provide. Can the E.R. be fixed?"
How the Internet Came to Loathe Pete Buttigieg	It’s natural for a rising candidate to get kicked around. But the nature of the backlash says a lot about the past decade of Democratic politics.
"Slotkin, Backing Impeachment, Draws Instant Protests, and Applause"	"Representative Elissa Slotkin, a moderate Democrat from Michigan, announced Monday that she would vote to impeach President Trump — and quickly faced the consequences."
Feral Pigs Roam the South. Now Even Northern States Aren’t Safe.	The swine have established themselves in Canada and are encroaching on border states like Montana and North Dakota.
"A Methane Leak, Seen From Space, Proves to Be Far Larger Than Thought"	"The findings mark a step forward in using space technology to detect leaks of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, from oil and gas sites worldwide."
Giuliani Provides Details of What Trump Knew About Ambassador’s Removal	"Rudolph Giuliani said in an interview that he briefed the president “a couple of times” about Marie Yovanovitch, the envoy to Ukraine, setting her recall in motion."
"We Are Republicans, and We Want Trump Defeated"	The president and his enablers have replaced conservatism with an empty faith led by a bogus prophet.
Epilepsy Foundation Was Targeted in Mass Strobe Cyberattack	Hackers sent images of flashing strobe lights to the foundation’s thousands of Twitter followers in several attacks.
Long Lines as Undocumented Immigrants in N.Y. Rush to Get Licenses	"New York’s law allowing undocumented immigrants to obtain licenses went into effect on Monday. The same day, New Jersey passed a similar bill."
How Trump Lost His Trade War	On speaking loudly and carrying a small stick.
"Girl, 16, Snatched Off Street as Mother Fought Kidnappers, Video Shows"	"Two men grabbed the teenager in the Bronx, dragging her into a vehicle and speeding away while her parent tried to pull her away."
McConnell Rejects Calling Mulvaney or Bolton for Trump’s Impeachment Trial	"Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, had sought testimony from four administration witnesses the White House had blocked."
Read Trump’s Letter to Pelosi Protesting Impeachment	President Trump sent a letter on Tuesday to Speaker Nancy Pelosi expressing his “most powerful protest” against the impeachment process. The House is expected to vote on two articles of impeachment against Mr. Trump on Wednesday.
"Liquor Taxes Could Go Up 400%, Thanks to Congressional Dysfunction"	"A temporary cut in federal taxes on alcohol fueled the growth of American distilleries, but its expiration threatens their demise."
I Quit The Black Eyed Peas. Then They Became Famous.	Kim Hill was a rising singer. She met a young rapper named will.i.am. The rest is history — or is it?
"Anti-Trump America, We’re Counting on You"	The anti-Trump majority needs to make itself seen.
‘The Far Side’ Is Back. Sort Of. Gary Larson Will Explain.	"A website will feature some of the beloved comic strip’s classics and, Larson says, “I’m looking forward to slipping in some new things every so often.”"
Woman Killed by Falling Debris Near Times Square	"She was struck as she was walking near the corner of Seventh Avenue and 49th Street in Midtown Manhattan, officials said."
Court Orders F.B.I. to Fix National Security Wiretaps After Damning Report	"In a rare public order, the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court responded to problems with the eavesdropping on a former Trump campaign aide uncovered by an inspector general."
"China Responds Slowly, and a Pig Disease Becomes a Lethal Epidemic"	The bungled effort to contain African swine fever could result in higher Chinese food costs for years and shows the limits of Beijing’s top-down approach to problems.
A Coal Baron Funded Climate Denial as His Company Spiraled Into Bankruptcy	"Robert E. Murray, the former chairman of Murray Energy, gave nearly $1 million to climate denial groups and other organizations seeking to undo environmental regulations."
‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Review: Revolution No. 9	"Resistance is futile. Rey, Finn and Poe are back; so is Kylo Ren. No spoilers here."
Trump Impeachment Vote Live Updates: ‘He Gave Us No Choice.’ House Opens Debate on Charges Against Trump	"Speaker Nancy Pelosi, opening a historic debate on impeaching President Trump, said he had left the Congress “no choice” but to proceed. Final votes on two articles — abuse of power and obstruction of Congress — are expected this evening."
The Case of the Angry Daughter	Why did my sweet 5-year-old become so stormy when she started kindergarten?
Here’s the Schedule of Impeachment Proceedings This Week	The full House will vote on two articles of impeachment against President Trump. Here’s a look at the days ahead.
Live Vote of the Impeachment of Donald J. Trump	See how each House member will vote on the articles of impeachment against President Trump.
Trump Impeached for Abuse of Power and Obstruction of Congress	"Voting nearly along party lines, the House approved two articles of impeachment against President Trump, making him the third president in history to face removal by the Senate."
’Twas the Eve of Impeachment	Finding verse in this curse.
McDonald’s Closes Temporarily in Peru After Death of Teens	"The workers were electrocuted by a loose cable over the weekend, raising questions about labor conditions at the franchise."
Obamacare Insurance Mandate Is Struck Down by Federal Appeals Court	But the judges sent the case back to determine if other parts of the federal health care law can stand without the mandate.
Tekashi69 Sentenced to 2 Years After Testifying Against Nine Trey Gang	A judge gave the rapper and Instagram star credit for helping prosecutors send several violent gang members to prison.
Nancy Pelosi Went Dark for the House Debates. Her Pin Shined.	"As she opened the impeachment debate in the House of Representatives, her black suit and shining brooch made a statement."
Tulsi Gabbard Votes ‘Present’ on Impeachment Articles	"The congresswoman, a Hawaii Democrat, called impeachment “a partisan process, fueled by tribal animosities” and said she favored censure instead."
Modi Makes His Bigotry Even Clearer	A citizenship law helps non-Muslim refugees from Muslim-majority countries but ignores Muslim refugees from other nations.
Trump Has Been Impeached. Republicans Are Following Him Down.	Ignoring facts and trashing the impeachment process is no way to protect democracy.
Timing of Trump Impeachment Trial in Limbo as Pelosi Holds Out for Assurances	"In declining to say when she might send the articles of impeachment to the Senate, Speaker Nancy Pelosi suggested she might keep them as leverage for negotiations on the rules for a trial."
"What’s Next for Trump? A Senate Impeachment Trial, Probably"	Here’s what we know about if and when President Trump will be tried in the Senate.
"December Democratic Debate: A Smaller, Whiter Stage"	Tonight’s face-off among seven Democrats will be the most intimate affair of the 2020 primary. Here are the key dynamics to watch.
"A Surveillance Net Blankets China’s Cities, Giving Police Vast Powers"	"The authorities can scan your phones, track your face and find out when you leave your home. One of the world’s biggest spying networks is aimed at regular people, and nobody can stop it."
"‘Cats’ Review: They Dance, They Sing, They Lick Their Digital Fur"	Tom Hooper’s movie is not a catastrophe. It’s not even an epic hairball.
U.N. Peacekeepers in Haiti Said to Have Fathered Hundreds of Children	"Women and girls were left behind to face poverty, social stigma and single motherhood in the Western Hemisphere’s poorest country."
The Impeachment of President Donald J. Trump	"In a divided House, moderate Democrats are bearing the burden of answering for the impeachment vote."
Evangelical Magazine Christianity Today Calls for Trump’s Removal	The magazine said the president had abused his power and violated the Constitution.
A Lonely Plea: ‘Anybody Need a Grandma for Christmas?’	"A woman from Tulsa, Okla., with no place to go for the holidays became a painful reminder of the isolation felt by many older Americans."
Trump Impeachment Trial in Doubt as Democrats Weigh Withholding Articles	Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would wait to see what the trial in the Senate would look like before sending the two charges there.
Tonight’s Democratic Debate: When It Is and What to Watch For	Everything you need to know about the 2020 Democratic presidential debate in Los Angeles.
"Putin Hints at Holding Power Past 2024, and Defends Trump on Impeachment"	"Russia’s president mused about repealing the term limit he faces, and echoed Republican talking points saying that impeachment was a baseless bid to reverse the 2016 election."
6 Takeaways From the December Democratic Debate	"If hour one of Thursday’s debate was a substantive if sedate affair, hour two had significant and even sizzling moments."
"Democratic Candidates Go on the Attack, and Buttigieg Is the Target"	"The seven candidates excoriated President Trump, then turned on one another, as tension between Elizabeth Warren and Pete Buttigieg, building for weeks, broke into the open."
The Tyranny of the 63 Million	Impeachment didn’t undermine democracy. It vindicated it.
Durham Is Scrutinizing Ex-C.I.A. Director’s Role in Russian Interference Findings	The federal prosecutor investigating the origins of the Russia inquiry is examining testimony by the former C.I.A. director John Brennan and seeking his communications records.
"After Impeachment, an Angry Trump Looks to Voters for Vindication"	"President Trump, barring the unforeseen, will be the first American president to face voters after being charged with high crimes and misdemeanors."
Facebook Discovers Fakes That Show Evolution of Disinformation	"Researchers said the profiles, linked to the Epoch Media Group, used photos generated by artificial intelligence in a preview of an “eerie, tech-enabled future of disinformation.”"
When the Surgeon Is a Mom	Nearly 40 percent of pregnant surgery residents consider dropping out. Many wonder: Why can’t the system accommodate motherhood?
The Subway Crush Who Crushed Me	"We met on the train, married and had two boys who resembled him. I had no idea how much that resemblance would rebuild me."
Christianity Today’s Editorial on Trump: 5 of Its Sharpest Rebukes	"The magazine issued a scathing editorial on what it described as President Trump’s moral failings, calling for him to be removed from office."
Evangelical Leaders Close Ranks With Trump After Scathing Editorial	Christianity Today’s call for President Trump’s removal gave voice to his evangelical critics. But they remain a minority in a political movement that Mr. Trump has reshaped in his own mold.
The 2020 Democrats Were Told to Give a Gift or Ask Forgiveness. Guess What the Women Chose.	"It was the last question of the last debate of the year and Elizabeth Warren and Amy Klobuchar, who differ on many policy issues, were united in their answer."
"News Quiz: Donald Trump, France, F.B.I."	Did you stay up-to-date this week?
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
"If the Chargers Score and No One’s There to Cheer, Does the Owner Care?"	"With a proud history in San Diego abandoned and a new home filled with opposing fans, the Chargers are a cautionary tale for rapacious N.F.L. ownership."
"As Modi Pushes Hindu Agenda, a Secular India Fights Back"	"Protesters are speaking out against what they say is a government bent on attacking diversity, the foundation on which India was built."
‘How? How? How?’: Victims’ Families Rage as Matt Bevin Defends Pardons	Prosecutors cried foul. A mother collapsed to the floor. The outgoing Kentucky governor’s clemency decisions have caused widespread outrage.
Democrats Sparred Over a Wine Cave Fund-Raiser. Its Billionaire Owner Isn’t Pleased.	"“It’s just not fair,” said the owner of the wine cave, who with his wife has donated millions to Democrats since the 1980s."
"Letter to the Editor: Historians Critique The 1619 Project, and We Respond"	Five historians wrote to us with their reservations. Our editor in chief replies.
Trump Has a Habit of Quoting His Allies on Twitter Saying Things They Never Said	The president frequently injects his own words into statements he claims his supporters said on Fox News or elsewhere. They rarely publicly correct him.
"Woman Ran Over Girl Because She Was ‘a Mexican,’ Police Say"	The police charged a Des Moines woman with attempted murder after she told investigators she intentionally ran over a 14-year-old girl with her vehicle.
We Can’t See ‘Star Wars’ Anymore	The cultural industry that the 1977 film spawned has ground its original charm and wonder out of existence.
"Mitch McConnell, Master of the Blockade, Plots Impeachment Strategy"	"The Senate majority leader has earned the nickname the grim reaper for his iron-fisted grip on the chamber, but an impeachment trial is harder to control."
The Long Tail of ‘Where the Crawdads Sing’	"Delia Owens’s debut novel has sold more than four million copies — an astonishing trajectory for any new writer, much less for a 70-year-old wildlife scientist."
"‘Harry Potter’ Helped Me Come Out as Trans, But J.K. Rowling Disappointed Me"	The author’s tweet in support of an anti-trans activist contradicts the messages of acceptance found in her stories.
These Reporters Lost Their Jobs. Here Are the Stories They Couldn’t Tell.	"Amid a crisis in local news, eight journalists who left newsrooms in 2019 reflect on the stories left in their notebooks. Photographers who also lost their jobs captured them on their former beats."
Fear and Loyalty: How Donald Trump Took Over the Republican Party	"The president demands complete fealty, and as the impeachment hearings showed, he has largely attained it. To cross him is to risk a future in the Republican party."
Which Democrats Are Leading the 2020 Presidential Race?	There are 15 Democrats running for president. Here’s the latest data to track how the candidates are doing.
Officials Discussed Hold on Ukraine Aid After Trump Spoke With Country’s Leader	Emails also suggest President Trump first began asking about $250 million in Pentagon aid after a June 19 article in the Washington Examiner.
How a Poisoning in Bulgaria Exposed Russian Assassins in Europe	"For years, members of a secret team, Unit 29155, operated without Western security officials having any idea about their activities. But an attack on an arms dealer in Sofia helped blow their cover."
U.S. Braces for Major North Korean Weapons Test as Trump’s Diplomacy Fizzles	"President Trump’s summits with Kim Jong-un have failed to bring concrete results, and the diplomatic vacuum has given North Korea more time to build its nuclear arsenal."
Eddie Murphy Returns to ‘Saturday Night Live’	"Murphy, who helped keep ‘S.N.L.’ alive in the ’80s, hosted for the first time in 35 years, with help from his old characters and a ton of special guests."
It Seemed Like a Popular Chat App. It’s Secretly a Spy Tool.	"ToTok, an Emirati messaging app that has been downloaded to millions of phones, is the latest escalation of a digital arms race."
What It Took for a Fox News Psychiatrist to Finally Lose His License	"Keith Ablow was a popular fixture on the cable channel until 2017, and a high-profile therapist. He left a trail of vulnerable female patients who claim he abused them."
Was the Virgin Mary a Virgin? Does It Matter?	"Philip Yancey, an evangelical Christian writer, responds to my questions, and my doubts."
Brendan Dassey of ‘Making a Murderer’ Is Denied Clemency	Mr. Dassey is serving a life sentence for murder in a case that was made famous in a Netflix documentary series.
Boeing Starliner Lands in New Mexico After Clock Error Prompts Early Return	The new ride to orbit built for NASA and its astronauts returned to Earth after problems during its first trip to space on Friday.
"Stranded on Border, This Migrant Became the Camp Doctor"	"A Cuban doctor waiting for asylum in the United States has become the only full-time physician at a makeshift encampment for 2,500 migrants in Mexico."
"Johanna Lindsey, Best-Selling Romance Novelist, Dies at 67"	"Over more than 40 years, Ms. Lindsey turned out hot-blooded historical romances set around the world."
"69-Vehicle Pileup on Virginia Highway Injures 51, Police Say"	"The authorities attributed the chain of crashes on Sunday morning to fog, ice and rubbernecking."
A Jungle Airstrip Stirs Suspicions About China’s Plans for Cambodia	The Chinese military’s “string of pearls” strategy depends on far-flung regional outposts. Some think Cambodia is becoming one.
"Baba Ram Dass, Proponent of LSD and New Age Enlightenment, Dies at 88"	"Born Richard Alpert, he returned from a trip to India as a bushy-bearded, barefoot, white-robed guru and wrote more than a dozen inspirational books."
"At Boeing, C.E.O.’s Stumbles Deepen a Crisis"	"Dennis Muilenburg’s handling of the 737 Max grounding after two fatal crashes has angered lawmakers, airlines, regulators and victims’ families."
Boeing Fires C.E.O. Dennis Muilenburg	Boeing has been mired in crisis since the crashes of two of its 737 Max jets killed 346 people.
Durham Surprises Even Allies With Statement on F.B.I.’s Trump Case	"The federal prosecutor leading a review of the origins of the Russia inquiry has a reputation for keeping his mouth shut. At a sensitive moment, he didn’t."
Ram Dass Is Ready to Die	“Soul doesn’t have fear of dying. Ego has very pronounced fear of dying.”
"Putin’s Russia, Punching Above Its Weight, Keeps Adversaries Off Balance"	"Its economy is sputtering and its young people are frustrated, but with America and Europe in tumult, Russia and its leader of two decades are on a roll."
"Tom Brady, 42, Signs Two-Year Contract Extension"	"The New England Patriots have committed to paying the quarterback $85 million through the 2021 season, when he will be 44."
"Johanna Lindsey, Best-Selling Romance Novelist, Dies at 67"	"Over more than 40 years, Ms. Lindsey turned out hot-blooded historical romances set around the world. “Romance,” she said, “is what comes out of me.”"
How ‘Centrist Bias’ Hurts Sanders and Warren	The media has a bigger problem than liberal bias.
The Unforeseen Dangers of a Device That Curbs Drunken Driving	Ignition interlock devices are becoming ubiquitous. They can distract drivers and cause crashes.
Will the United States Lose the Universe?	"For more than a century, American astronomers have held bragging rights as observers of the cosmos. But that dominance may soon slip away."
"Fresh Evidence in Hand, Schumer Demands More Emails and Documents"	"Senator Chuck Schumer, the minority leader, laid out a long list of records Democrats would like to see as the House pressed for testimony from a former White House counsel."
Tackling Inflammation to Fight Age-Related Ailments	"Body-wide inflammation is tied to most chronic diseases, limiting people’s health and longevity."
"Inside Christmas Card, Girl Finds Plea From Chinese Prison Laborers"	"A 6-year-old found the note in London while writing Christmas cards to her classmates. “Forced to work against our will,” the message read."
Saudi Death Sentences in Khashoggi Killing Fail to Dispel Questions	"Saudi Arabia has been accused of shielding Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who foreign experts suspect was behind the killing of Jamal Khashoggi."
Barge With 600 Gallons of Diesel Sinks Off Galápagos Islands	"The spill, which occurred after a crane toppled onto a barge, forced an emergency cleanup in one of the world’s most revered natural destinations."
German Boy Missing Since 2017 Found in Child Pornography Raid	The police in western Germany went to a man's home in search of child pornography but found a missing 15-year-old.
‘Little Women’ Review: This Movie Is Big	"Greta Gerwig refreshes a literary classic with the help of a dazzling cast that includes Saoirse Ronan, Florence Pugh, Laura Dern and Meryl Streep."
The Lives They Lived 2019	"Remembering some of the artists, innovators and thinkers we lost in the past year."
G.O.P. Lawmaker Had Visions of a Christian Alternative Government	"A Washington State legislator was accused of participating in the occupation of a federal wildlife refuge. Behind the scenes, he and right-wing activists were preparing for civil strife."
"Green Liquid Oozes Onto a Michigan Highway, Prompting Questions and a Cleanup"	"Environmental officials said the mysterious substance was probably hexavalent chromium, a manufacturing compound that can cause cancer and that was featured in the movie “Erin Brockovich.”"
Driver Who Hit Girl Because She Was ‘a Mexican’ Is Charged in 2nd Hit-and-Run	"In a little over an hour, an Iowa woman engaged in a trio of attacks, two of which the police said were racially motivated."
How Taylor Swift Writes a Love Song	"Using exclusive voice memos, video and interviews, see how a late-night idea turned into “Lover,” her fourth song of the year nominee at the Grammys, and her first without a co-writer."
A Trump Policy ‘Clarification’ All but Ends Punishment for Bird Deaths	"In one of its first environmental acts, the Trump administration absolved businesses from responsibility for ""incidental"" bird deaths. Avian carnage has followed."
"Chinese Restaurants Are Closing. That’s a Good Thing, the Owners Say."	The share of Chinese restaurants has fallen in metro areas across the country in the last five years. Many owners are glad their children won’t be taking over.
Is Nancy Pelosi Caught in a Trap or Setting One?	"Even if the outcome of a Senate trial is predictable, the political consequences of impeachment are not."
The Cruelty of a Trump Christmas	Republicans aren’t Scrooges — they’re much worse.
"Boeing Can’t Fly Its 737 Max, but It’s Ready to Sell Its Safety"	"The company knows travelers are wary of its plane, so it has prepared presentations with strategies for airlines to help win back the public’s trust."
The Town That Lost Its Walmart	"For a small town in Texas, the three-decade presence of the world’s largest retailer was a point of civic pride. Then, 18 months ago, all that changed."
Pentagon Eyes Africa Drawdown as First Step in Global Troop Shift	"The deliberations stem from a push to reduce missions battling distant terrorist groups, and to instead refocus on confronting so-called Great Powers like Russia and China."
"36 Corvettes, Hidden for Years in a Garage, Will Be Given Away"	"The set of ’Vettes, one from each production year between 1953 and 1989, will be part of a sweepstakes drawing next year."
‘Star Wars’ Fans Are Angry and Polarized. Like All Americans.	What arguments over the movie series say about our nation.
Pentagon Warns Military Personnel Against At-Home DNA Tests	"The tests, from companies such as 23andMe and Ancestry, have become popular holiday gifts, but the military is warning service members of risks to their careers."
The 10 Most Influential Films of the Decade (and 20 Other Favorites)	Our co-chief film critics say these were the films of the 2010s that made a difference in the world of entertainment and beyond.
The Hidden Perk That New York’s Mega-Rich Now Demand	"The porte cochère, a covered entry, all but disappeared decades ago. High-end buildings catering to car owners are bringing it back."
Speaking Out on Gay Rights and Corruption Costs Ambassador His Job	Zambia’s president wanted U.S. Ambassador Daniel Foote gone after he criticized the government for corruption and for sending a gay couple to prison.
"As Protests Flare in India, Modi Plays a New Position: Defense"	"With unrest over a divisive new citizenship law sweeping the country, the prime minister is losing some support, even in his strongholds."
Crisis Looms in Antibiotics as Drug Makers Go Bankrupt	"First Big Pharma fled the field, and now start-ups are going belly up, threatening to stifle the development of new drugs."
"Lashes, Lashes, Lashes: What It Took to Give the ‘Bombshell’ Women the Fox Look"	"The makeup artists behind the film used prosthetics, base color, eyeliner, pounds of lash glue and lots of lip gloss to get the Fox look."
"Edward Aschoff, ESPN College Football Reporter, Dies at 34"	"Mr. Aschoff had contracted pneumonia, according to his social media posts, and died after a “brief illness,” the network reported."
G.O.P. Senator ‘Disturbed’ by McConnell’s ‘Total Coordination’ with White House	Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska revealed the first public qualms with Mitch McConnell’s vow to coordinate with the White House on a quick impeachment trial for President Trump.
3 Family Members Drown in Swimming Pool Accident in Spain	"A father and his 9-year-old daughter, both British, and another relative, an American teenager, died after getting trapped at a resort near Malaga. A faulty drainage pump was suspected."
"Luke Perry, a Heartthrob Who Led With His Heart"	"He played a smoldering cool boy on TV. In real life, he wanted to make the world a better place."
Why Stephen Curry (Not LeBron) Is the N.B.A. Player of the Decade	"It had to be one or the other. But as great as LeBron James has been, Curry had the edge in one major way: He changed the game."
"In Indian Country, a Crisis of Missing Women. And a New One When They’re Found."	The federal government is trying to catch up with a crisis of missing Native American women. But no one is addressing the problems that arise when they’re found.
"For Trump Organization, Office Skyscrapers Make Up for Lagging Hotels"	Office towers in New York and San Francisco — centers of political resistance — are offsetting revenue downturns in the president’s glitzier Trump-branded hotels.
"In Praise of Barack Obama, Music Critic"	The former president’s annual year-end playlist never fails to delight.
Quiz: Let Us Predict Whether You’re a Democrat or a Republican	Just a handful of questions are very likely to reveal how you vote.
The ‘But I Would Vote for Joe Biden’ Republicans	"For some Democrats, a key part of the former vice president’s pitch is that their moderate friends and relatives like him, too."
What Will It Take to Beat Donald Trump?	It’s not what the progressive left is talking about.
The Best Bras Might Be Made in Poland	A reporter’s pilgrimage to the land of meticulous sizing and pretty embroidery.
"Where Rent Is $13,500, She Lives Off What’s Left at the Curb"	Canners and trucks converge in a shadow economy of the streets.
Black Rhino Born at Michigan Zoo on Christmas Eve	"Doppsee, a 12-year-old black rhino, gave birth to her first calf, a rare delivery in captivity for the critically endangered species."
The Jungle Prince of Delhi	"For 40 years, journalists chronicled the eccentric royal family of Oudh, deposed aristocrats who lived in a ruined palace in the Indian capital. It was a tragic, astonishing story. But was it true?"
Reliving the Completely Wild and Totally Surreal 2000 Oscars	"The first Oscars of the new millennium shocked with crime, scandal and Robin Williams dancing in a “South Park” chorus line"
Tessa Majors Killing: 14-Year-Old Is Released Without Charges	"He is believed to have wielded the knife that killed her, the police said."
‘You Are Killing Us? We Will Make You a Joke.’ Meet Ahmed Albasheer.	The Iraqi comedian’s TV show is fueling demonstrations in his home country.
Why Bernie Sanders Is Tough to Beat	"His supporters are loyal, and in Iowa they don’t really have eyes for anyone else."
A Barrier to Trump’s Border Wall: Landowners in Texas	"Construction of President Trump’s border wall has been slow going, in part because the Texans who own the land have to be coaxed or coerced to sell it, whether they want to or not."
"They Wanted a Two-Bedroom on the Upper West Side, but How Many Stairs Are Too Many?"	Two college friends combine their budgets to find a rental in their favorite New York neighborhood. Which of these options would you choose?
"With U.S. Help No Longer Assured, Saudis Try a New Strategy: Talks"	"Worried that they can no longer count on American defense, the Saudis have begun talking to their enemies to cool conflicts in the region."
Señor presidente: cállese	"¿Qué tienen en común Nayib Bukele, López Obrador, Jair Bolsonaro y Donald Trump? Son presidentes que parecen querer gobernar sin intermediarios institucionales a través de las redes sociales. Ese ejercicio entraña un profundo riesgo democrático."
8 Ways to Be Kinder to Yourself in 2020	You deserve it!
Anguish and Anger From the Navy SEALS Who Turned In Edward Gallagher	Video interviews and group texts obtained by The Times show men describing their platoon leader in grim terms.
Confidential Videos Show Why Navy SEALs Reported Edward Gallagher	Watch never-before-released video and confidential interviews with the Navy SEALs who accused Special Operations Chief Edward Gallagher of war crimes.
The Math Equation That Tried to Stump the Internet	"Sometimes BODMAS is just PEMDAS by another name. And no, the answer is not 100."
"Don Imus, Radio Host Who Pushed Boundaries, Dies at 79"	"On the air, he was an irascible, confrontational growler who led pranks and parodies that could be tasteless, obscene and sometimes racist, sexist or homophobic."
Rosie Ruiz Was a Marathon Champion ... for a Moment	She stunned everyone when she won the Boston Marathon. But it didn’t take long to uncover the truth: She cheated.
"In the U.S., an Angioplasty Costs $32,000. Elsewhere? Maybe $6,400."	A study of international prices finds American patients pay much more across a wide array of common services.
The Media Is Broken	And not for the reasons you think.
Men Are Dismissing ‘Little Women.’ What a Surprise.	The rejection of the latest screen adaptation of the beloved novel echoes a long-held sentiment toward women-centered narratives.
A Stirring of Conscience in the Senate	"At least one Republican, Lisa Murkowski, wants the Trump impeachment trial to be more than a test of party loyalty. Others should follow."
"6 Bodies Recovered From Tour Helicopter Crash in Hawaii, Officials Say"	"The helicopter was on a tour of the island of Kauai, sometimes called the “Garden Island,” when it vanished mid-flight on Thursday."
News Quiz: 2019 in Review	Did you stay up-to-date . . . this year?
100 Notable Books of 2019	"The year’s notable fiction, poetry and nonfiction, selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
"Russia Deploys Hypersonic Weapon, Potentially Renewing Arms Race"	The new Russian weapon system flies at superfast speeds and can evade traditional missile defense systems. The United States is trying to catch up.
The Secrets of Jewish Genius	It’s not about having higher I.Q.s.
‘Nothing Less Than a Civil War’: These White Voters on the Far Right See Doom Without Trump	"Deeply conservative, they organize online and outside the Republican Party apparatus, engaging in more explicit versions of the chest-beating seen at the president’s rallies."
The Patriarchy of Alcoholics Anonymous	Women who drink too much need help. But we don’t need to give up our power.
"Sue Lyon, Star of ‘Lolita,’ Is Dead at 73"	She was 14 when she was cast in the title role of Stanley Kubrick’s 1962 film of the Nabokov novel. It remained her best-known credit.
"The Amazon Coat, One Year Later"	What all of the women with Amazon coats are doing this winter.
Welcome to the Era of the Post-Shopping Mall	"As the mall declines, American Dream — a “destination” at the height of capitalism — rises."
Mexican Police Chief Arrested in Massacre of Mormon Family	"The killings of three women and six children, members of a binational community that farms land in northern Mexico, reverberated worldwide."
Science Under Attack: How Trump Is Sidelining Researchers and Their Work	"In three years, the administration has diminished the role of science in policymaking while disrupting research projects nationwide. Experts say the effects could be felt for years."
"After ICE Raids, a Reckoning in Mississippi’s Chicken Country"	"A series of federal immigration raids swept up nearly 700 undocumented workers, creating opportunities — and some ethical concerns — for American-born residents."
"In China’s Crackdown on Muslims, Children Have Not Been Spared"	"In Xinjiang the authorities have separated nearly half a million children from their families, aiming to instill loyalty to China and the Communist Party."
Monsey Stabbing: 5 Wounded at Rabbi’s Home in N.Y. Suburb	"A suspect was arrested in Harlem, but the motive was not disclosed. The attack occurred in an area with many ultra-Orthodox Jews."
"Doris Day, the ‘World’s Oldest Virgin,’ Could Have Been So Much More"	She was an actress with subversive potential — who became a symbol of a generation’s sexual hypocrisy.
This Has Been the Best Year Ever	"For humanity over all, life just keeps getting better."
"Sweethearts Forever. Then Came Alzheimer’s, Murder and Suicide."	“They were absolutely soul mates.”
Behind the Ukraine Aid Freeze: 84 Days of Conflict and Confusion	The inside story of President Trump’s demand to halt military assistance to an ally shows the price he was willing to pay to carry out his agenda.
This Intersex Runner Had Surgery to Compete. It Has Not Gone Well.	"Annet Negesa, Uganda’s 800-meter Olympic hopeful, says she was advised to undergo an irreversible surgery because of naturally elevated testosterone levels. Her career has never been the same."
"Shooting at Texas Church Leaves 2 Parishioners Dead, Officials Say"	"A security member at the West Freeway Church of Christ in White Settlement, Texas, fatally shot the gunman."
They Can’t Get Enough of ‘The West Wing’ Right Now	"President Bartlet doesn’t live in the White House, even on TV, anymore. But his fans find solace in streaming an old favorite."
How a Chase Bank Chairman Helped the Deposed Shah of Iran Enter the U.S.	The fateful decision in 1979 to admit Mohammed Reza Pahlavi prompted the seizure of the American Embassy in Tehran and helped doom the Carter presidency.
Eddie Hill IV Was Just 10. He Was Supposed to Be the One to Make It.	He stood out from the start. But the dreams for young Eddie were stopped short.
California Is Booming. Why Are So Many Californians Unhappy?	"Fire, garbage and homelessness increasingly plague the Golden State."
Chinese Scientist Who Genetically Edited Babies Gets 3 Years in Prison	"He Jiankui’s work was also carried out on a third infant, according to China’s state media, in a new disclosure that is likely to add to the global uproar over such experiments."
Bill Barr Thinks America Is Going to Hell	And he’s on a mission to use the “authority” of the executive branch to stop it.
Intruder Screamed ‘I’ll Get You’ in Attack on Jews at Rabbi’s Home	The rampage in the New York suburbs wounded five people and traumatized the Jewish community in the region.
"A 7-Eleven in Japan Might Close for a Day. Yes, That’s a Big Deal."	"In a dispute captivating a country of workaholics, Mitoshi Matsumoto says the company is threatening to rescind his franchise after he complained about draconian work hours."
"Carlos Ghosn, Fallen Nissan Boss, Flees Japan to Escape ‘Political Persecution’"	"Mr. Ghosn, who was facing charges of financial wrongdoing, said from Lebanon that he would “no longer be held hostage by a rigged Japanese justice system.”"
How Big Companies Won New Tax Breaks From the Trump Administration	"As the Treasury Department prepared to enact the 2017 Republican tax overhaul, corporate lobbyists swarmed — and won big."
Dax Shepard Is Listening	"The actor’s interview podcast, “Armchair Expert,” is very popular. Is he the next Howard Stern? Terry Gross? Or something else entirely?"
"Biden Rebounds, Warren Slows, Sanders Rolls: The Latest on the 2020 Money Race"	"An early look at fourth-quarter fund-raising shows Joseph R. Biden Jr. bouncing back, Elizabeth Warren lagging her previous benchmark and Bernie Sanders continuing to haul in cash."
Make 2020 the Year of Less Sugar	One of the best things you can do for your health is to cut back on foods with added sugar. Our 7-Day Sugar Challenge will show you how.
"In Indonesia, Outlaw Gold Miners Poison Themselves to Survive"	"One large mining company is trying to shut illegal operations, which use mercury. The small-scale miners say there’s no other way to earn a living."
"Protesters Attack U.S. Embassy in Iraq, Chanting ‘Death to America’"	President Trump blamed Iran after demonstrators breached the compound’s outer wall. Tensions are high after American airstrikes killed members of an Iran-backed militia.
Judge Dismisses Lawsuit by Ex-Trump Aide Subpoenaed in Impeachment Inquiry	"Judge Richard J. Leon acted after the House dropped its subpoena to Charles Kupperman and mooted the case, which had been closely watched for its implications about whether John Bolton would testify about President Trump’s pressuring Ukraine."
American Airstrikes Rally Iraqis Against U.S.	Iraqi leaders say the United States violated Iraqi sovereignty with attacks that killed 24 people in retaliation for the death of an American contractor.
"Judge Orders Alex Jones and Infowars to Pay $100,000 in Sandy Hook Legal Fees"	"The ruling was part of a defamation lawsuit against Mr. Jones, who has promoted conspiracy theories that the 2012 school shooting in Connecticut was a hoax."
Thousands Flee to Shore as Australia Fires Turn Skies Blood Red	The country’s east coast was dotted with apocalyptic scenes on the last day of the warmest decade on record in Australia.
Officer Admits He Faked Claim About McDonald’s Coffee Cup Insult	The Kansas police officer resigned after video footage showed that restaurant employees had not written “pig” on his cup.
Racism Dispute Roils Romance Writers Group	Eight board members and the former president of the organization have resigned amid outcry over how it handled a member’s criticism of another member’s book.
The Legacy of Destructive Austerity	The deficit obsession of 2010-2015 did permanent damage.
Inside China’s Push to Turn Muslim Minorities Into an Army of Workers	The Communist Party wants to remold Xinjiang’s minorities into loyal blue-collar workers to supply Chinese factories with cheap labor.
The Meat-Lover’s Guide to Eating Less Meat	Reducing your meat and dairy intake can help mitigate climate change. Melissa Clark has ideas for how to do it deliciously.
An Officer Admitted Making a Racist Threat. He Still Has a Job.	"More than 10,000 people signed a petition demanding the New York City officer’s ouster after he broke into a black woman’s home."
2nd Senate Republican Questions Impartiality of Impeachment Trial	"Senator Susan Collins of Maine joined Lisa Murkowski in raising concerns over her leaders’ approach, and said she would be “open” to calling witnesses."
"North Korea Is No Longer Bound by Nuclear Test Moratorium, Kim Says"	"Kim Jong-un said North Korea was free of a self-imposed pause on testing nuclear weapons and long-range missiles, which President Trump had called a diplomatic victory."
New Year’s Eve 2020: Pictures From Around the World	Confetti is flying as the new year makes its way across the globe.
"From the Brig to Mar-a-Lago, Former Navy SEAL Capitalizes on Newfound Fame"	"After receiving presidential clemency, Edward Gallagher has left the SEALs to become a pitchman and conservative activist."
Elton John Puts Down in Words How Wonderful (and Weird) Life Has Been	"The rock star’s memoir, “Me,” traces his path from suburban homebody to superstardom and beyond."
Electric Cars Threaten the Heart of Germany’s Economy	Automakers and suppliers are cutting costs so they can invest in new technology. Workers are feeling the impact.
????????????????1???????????	?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
"Carlos Ghosn’s Escape: A Lawyer in Beirut, a French Passport and a Lot of Mystery"	"The prominent former auto executive eluded the authorities and the news media to flee while awaiting trial, setting off a flurry of speculation."
Science Panel Staffed With Trump Appointees Says E.P.A. Rollbacks Lack Scientific Rigor	"The Trump administration staffed an E.P.A. advisory panel with its choice of scientists, but they concluded that three significant regulatory rollbacks broke with established science."
"Impeachment Trial Looming, Chief Justice Reflects on Judicial Independence"	"Chief Justice John Roberts’s year-end report on the judiciary praised civics education, but it was not hard to detect a timely subtext that appeared to be addressed to President Trump."
Pope Francis Apologizes After Slapping Away a Clinging Pilgrim	"As the pontiff greeted members of the public on New Year’s Eve, one woman grabbed his hand with both of hers. A video of the incident was shared widely online."
"In a Homecoming Video Meant to Unite Campus, Almost Everyone Was White"	"The video was created to show off the University of Wisconsin. Instead, it set off a furor, and a reckoning over what it means to be a black student on campus."
The Tech That Will Invade Our Lives in 2020	"From smart homes to ultrafast wireless speeds, here’s what to watch."
Our 50 Best Recipes of 2019	The recipes our readers viewed most on NYT Cooking this year.
No More Phones and Other Tech Predictions for the Next Decade	Despair not. What’s coming in the next few years might be a lot better than you expect.
Adam Driver Has Put Everything He’s Got Onscreen	"Just don’t ask him to explain. A likely best actor nominee for “Marriage Story,” he acknowledges that desire for validation but it’s tricky: “It’s not separate from who I am.”"
Sync your calendar with the solar system	"Never miss an eclipse, a meteor shower, a rocket launch or any other astronomical and space event that's out of this world."
‘It’s Creepy’: Unexplained Drones Are Swarming by Night Over Colorado	Sheriffs in western Nebraska and eastern Colorado say they don’t know who’s flying the drones — or why. The F.A.A. is investigating.
Why the Fires in Australia Are So Bad	"Bush fire season is nothing new to Australians, but this summer has been calamitous — and it’s far from over."
"Don’t Drink and Drive, Republican Leader Said. Then He Was Arrested."	"“I made the wrong decision,” said a New York assemblyman who drove his official state vehicle into a ditch near his home on New Year’s Eve."
Martin Scorsese Is Letting Go	"In a wide-ranging interview, the director talks about his own mortality, the treatment of women in his movies, and moviemaking in the Netflix age."
Julián Castro Drops Out of Presidential Race	"Mr. Castro, the former housing secretary and mayor of San Antonio, was the only Latino candidate in the race. He championed progressive policies but did not find his footing in polls."
Australia Fires Intensify: ‘It’s Going to Be a Blast Furnace’	"Calling for evacuations along the southeastern coast, officials said the next few days would be among the worst yet in an already catastrophic fire season."
Trump Orders Strike Killing Top Iranian General Qassim Suleimani in Baghdad	"Suleimani was planning attacks on American diplomats and service members in Iraq and throughout the region, the Pentagon statement said."
"It Looks Like Health Insurance, but It’s Not. ‘Just Trust God,’ Buyers Are Told."	"Some state regulators are scrutinizing nonprofit Christian cost-sharing ministries that enroll Americans struggling to pay for medical care, but aren’t legally bound to cover their members’ claims."
Which Subway Seat Is Best? Your Answer Is Obviously Wrong	A viral tweet about picking a seat on New York’s subway prompted a spirited debate over which spot is prized.
Why Is America So Depressed?	"It’s no coincidence that our politics and our mental health have declined so rapidly, at the same time."
Texas Judge Rules That Hospital Can Take Baby Off Life Support	"The case, involving an 11-month-old girl born with a heart defect, has become a rallying point for conservatives. The child’s mother plans to appeal."
The 50 Best TV Shows on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best TV series currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
"For Their First New York Purchase, a Couple Cast a Wide Net. Which of These Homes Would You Choose?"	"Bushra and Surya Sayed-Ganguly wanted two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a reasonable commute to Midtown. Here’s where they wound up."
Hypersonic Missiles Are a Game Changer	No existing defenses can stop such weapons — which is why everyone wants them.
"Qassim Suleimani, Iranian General, Cast Long Shadow Over Middle East"	The hard-line military leader was seen by some as a potential future leader of Iran.
Australia Is Committing Climate Suicide	"As record fires rage, the country’s leaders seem intent on sending it to its doom."
Iran Promises Retaliation After U.S. Kills General: Live Updates	"Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani, who led the powerful Quds Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, was killed in an American drone strike in Baghdad on Friday."
Christianity Today Editor Laments ‘Ethical Naïveté’ of Trump Backers	"Mark Galli, who is retiring, was overwhelmed by the vocal criticism and quiet praise after his editorial in a prominent evangelical magazine called for President Trump’s ouster."
At SoftBank’s Jewel in India: ‘Toxic’ Culture and Troubling Incidents	"Oyo aims to be the world’s biggest hotel chain. But its growth was fueled by questionable practices, employees said."
United Methodist Church Announces Plan to Split Over Same-Sex Marriage	"Under an agreement to be voted on in May, a new “traditionalist Methodist” denomination would continue to ban same-sex marriage and gay and lesbian clergy."
"Qassim Suleimani, Master of Iran’s Intrigue, Built a Shiite Axis of Power in Mideast"	"The commander helped direct wars in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Yemen, and he became the face of Iran’s efforts to build a regional bloc of Shiite power."
Will There Be a Draft? Young People Worry After Military Strike	"Interest in the draft and “World War III” surged online, stalling the government website where young men are required to register. Here’s what you need to know."
American Contractor Killed in Rocket Attack in Iraq	"Attack on Iraqi base near Kirkuk, also injured several American and Iraqi military personnel"
U.S. Strike on Iranian General Divides Congress	The killing of the powerful commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps is certain to reignite a debate over presidential war powers.
Qassim Suleimani’s Killing Will Unleash Chaos	Revenge is not a strategy.
Trump’s Ground Game Against Iran	The assassination of Qassim Suleimani is a seismic event in the Middle East.
Hype House and the Los Angeles TikTok Mansion Gold Rush	"The city is home to a land rush of “collab houses,” where the content creators are getting younger and younger."
"For Trump, a Risky Decision Other Presidents Had Avoided"	"In ordering the drone strike that killed Iran’s top security commander, Mr. Trump challenged predictions it could lead to a wider war in the Middle East."
Judge Awards Nearly $13 Million to Women Who Say They Were Exploited by Porn Producers	The ruling capped a three-month civil trial that exposed the bait-and-switch tactics and false promises deployed as part of a scheme to induce young women to shoot a pornographic video.
White House Withholds 20 Emails Between Two Trump Aides on Ukraine Aid	"It contends the release of the documents sought by The Times, would “inhibit the frank and candid exchange of views” in government decision-making."
A Shocked Iraq Reconsiders Its Relationship With the U.S.	"The killing of General Suleimani, intended as a shot against Iran, could accelerate an Iranian objective: pushing the United States military out of Iraq."
"How to Be Healthy, in Just 48 Words"	Forget fad diets and fitness gimmicks. Just stick to the basics.
"News Quiz: Iraq, Carlos Ghosn, Vaping"	Did you stay up-to-date this week?
Trump Kills Iran’s Most Overrated Warrior	"Suleimani pushed his country to build an empire, but drove it into the ground instead."
U.S. and Iran Exchange More Threats as Democrats Question Timing of Strike	Oil prices surged and the stock market fell after President Trump ordered the killing of Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani in Baghdad.
Is There a Risk of Wider War With Iran?	"All but forced to retaliate, Iran will likely aim for limited counterattacks that damage the United States but don’t lead to all-out war. Miscalculation could mean things spiral out of control."
The Dire Consequences of Trump’s Suleimani Decision	One thing is clear after the killing of Iran’s second most important official: Americans are not safer.
"As Tensions With Iran Escalated, Trump Opted for Most Extreme Measure"	"While senior officials argue the drone strike was warranted to prevent future attacks, some in the administration remain skeptical about the rationale for the attack."
‘It’s an Atomic Bomb’: Australia Deploys Military as Fires Spread	"With more than a month still to go in the fire season, the government announced a large-scale use of military assets, a deployment not seen since World War II."
"In Miami Speech, Trump Tells Evangelical Base: God Is ‘on Our Side’"	"President Trump, who has been gripped by anxiety about evangelical voters abandoning him, took wide swipes at Democratic rivals one day after the strike on a top Iranian leader."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
"Right-Wing Views for Generation Z, Five Minutes at a Time"	"Dennis Prager believes teenagers are more open to conservative ideas than millennials. With PragerU, he’s making a play to get around their professors."
Tensions Abroad Stir a Whirlwind at Fort Bragg as Soldiers Deploy	"Some 3,500 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne Division are bound for the Middle East, spelling uncertainty for families and a community where the base is its backbone."
Tom Brady and the Patriots Are Upset by the Titans in a Stunner	A wild-card defeat stifled New England’s pursuit of a record-breaking seventh Super Bowl title. Did it also spell the end of the Belichick-Brady era?
Iraqi Lawmakers Urge End to U.S. Troop Presence as Iran Mourns a Slain General	"The vote in Parliament, after the U.S. killing of Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani of Iran in Baghdad, is not final until Iraq’s prime minister signs the bill."
Iran Ends Commitment to Landmark Nuclear Deal: Live Updates	"The announcement followed a vote in Iraq’s Parliament to expel American troops, in response to the killing of Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani, a top Iranian commander, in Baghdad."
"Trump Threatens Iranian Cultural Sites, and Warns of Sanctions on Iraq"	"The president threatened Iran over potential retaliation for the death of a top general, and Iraq over the potential expulsion of United States troops."
Golden Globes 2020: ‘Once Upon a Time … in Hollywood’ and ‘1917’ Win Top Awards	"Renée Zellweger and Joaquin Phoenix won the lead acting prizes for film, while “Fleabag” and “Succession” each took home two TV awards."
2020 Golden Globes Red Carpet: Fashion at the Awards	"Have a look at Taylor Swift, Brad Pitt, Cynthia Erivo, Laura Dern, Tiffany Haddish and many more of the night’s stars."
U.S. Stops Dozens of Iranian-Americans Returning From Canada	"More than 60 people were held for additional questioning in Washington State, according to advocacy groups and accounts from travelers."
Army Officer Says His Mother’s Deportation Is ‘Completely Inhumane’	"Second Lt. Gibram Cruz, whose mother had lived in the United States for 31 years, said her removal was mishandled."
Three Americans Killed in Al Shabaab Militant Attack on Base in Kenya	"Three Americans - one U.S. military servicemember and two contractors - were killed by Somalia's al Shabaab militant group during an attack on Sunday on a military base in Kenya used by both U.S. and Kenyan forces, the U.S. military said."
A Democrat Who Can Beat Trump	Why Amy Klobuchar still has a chance.
Kate McKinnon Opens Up About Being Gay During Golden Globes	"In an emotional speech, the comedian says the only thing that made being a lesbian less scary when she was younger was seeing Ellen DeGeneres on TV."
Golden Globe Winners 2020: The Complete List	"Here are the winning films, TV shows, actors and production teams at the 2020 Golden Globe Awards."
It’s Not Just Software: New Safety Risks Under Scrutiny on Boeing’s 737 Max	The company and regulators are looking into everything from the wiring on the plane to its engines.
Tears From Ayatollah as Iran Mourns Dead General: Live Updates	"Vast crowds thronged the streets of Tehran as a funeral was held for Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani, who was killed in an American drone strike on Friday."
Awkwafina Becomes First Asian-American to Win Best Actress at Golden Globes	Awkwafina’s award for her role in “The Farewell” was the film’s only win of the night.
Bolton Is Willing to Testify in Trump’s Impeachment Trial	"The former national security adviser, who has complied with a White House directive not to cooperate in the inquiry, said he was willing to testify in the Senate trial if subpoenaed."
Harvey Weinstein Charged With Rape in Los Angeles as N.Y. Trial Starts	The new case in California against the Hollywood producer was disclosed just after he hobbled into a courtroom in Manhattan.
"For Trump, the Burden May Be Proving This Is Not the Moment His Critics Predicted"	The president and his allies dismiss the criticism about his Iran actions as partisan blowback from political adversaries too timid to take strong action against foreign enemies.
"Pentagon Rules Out Striking Iranian Cultural Sites, Contradicting Trump"	"The defense secretary acknowledged that “the laws of armed conflict” prohibited attacking antiquities and said the military had no plans to do so, even though the president declared them targets."
Masked Men Attack Students in Rampage at University in New Delhi	"Dozens were hurt by attackers who shouted Hindu slogans. Some students said they belonged to a far-right Hindu group, which denied involvement."
The Best and the Worst of the Golden Globes	"The night veered from snarky to earnest, from climate change to … eyebrows? Yep, it got weird."
"A Typical Trump Vacation, With a Momentous Result"	"For three years, President Trump’s winter visits to Mar-a-Lago, his private club, have allowed him time to combine his personal and presidential business. But the juxtaposition this year was something quite different."
How 7-Eleven Struck Back Against an Owner Who Took a Day Off	"His shelves are mostly empty, but Mitoshi Matsumoto plans to continue his fight against the company to change Japan’s tough convenience store culture."
The Nightmare Stage of Trump’s Rule Is Here	"Unstable and impeached, the president pushes the U.S. toward war with Iran."
Iranian-Americans Questioned at the Border: ‘My Kids Shouldn’t Experience Such Things’	"Up to 200 people were held by border agents, with some of them reportedly asked to share their opinions about the situation in Iran and Iraq."
Live Updates: Pompeo Says Killing Suleimani Was ‘the Right Decision’	"The U.S. secretary of state stood by President Trump’s ordering of an airstrike in Baghdad on Friday that targeted Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani, a top Iranian commander."
"Elizabeth Wurtzel, ‘Prozac Nation’ Author, Is Dead at 52"	Her startling 1994 memoir won praise for opening a dialogue about clinical depression and helped introduce an unsparing style of confessional writing that continues to endure.
The Rise of ‘Schitt’s Creek’	"The series is wrapping up just as it achieved something like mainstream success. For its creators and stars, that’s the perfect time to go."
Trump the Intimidator Fails Again	Because he’s just a bully with delusions of grandeur.
Republican Congressman Shares Fake Image of Obama and Iranian President	"The image, shared on Twitter by Representative Paul Gosar of Arizona, is photoshopped and has been circulating online for years."
Khamenei Wants to Put Iran’s Stamp on Reprisal for U.S. Killing of Top General	"In a departure from Iran’s usual tactics of hiding behind proxies, the country’s supreme leader wants any retaliation for the killing of a top military commander to be carried out openly by Iranian forces."
Greatest of All Time on ‘Jeopardy!’: Who Won Game 1?	"The first match between the game show’s superstars Brad Rutter, Ken Jennings and James Holzhauer is in the books. The first to win three takes the title."
No One Believes Trump	Which isn’t good in an international crisis.
"Don’t Tilt Scales Against Trump, Facebook Executive Warns"	"In an internal memo, Andrew Bosworth said he “desperately” wanted the president to lose. But, he said, the company should avoid hurting Mr. Trump’s campaign."
"Sonos, Squeezed by the Tech Giants, Sues Google"	"The maker of home speakers said Google and Amazon stole its technology and abused their power, but it could only risk suing one."
McConnell Says He Will Proceed on Impeachment Trial Without Witness Deal	"The intention, with no commitment to calling witnesses or admitting new evidence, foreshadows a partisan vote to kick off a divisive proceeding."
‘Scarier’ Than Hurricane Maria: A Deadly Earthquake Terrifies Puerto Rico	The state of chaos that followed the 2017 storm robbed Puerto Ricans of any belief that their leaders could manage another natural disaster.
He Fled Iran as a Child. Now He’s Commanding a U.S. Aircraft Carrier.	"The aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman could play a role in any military conflict with Iran. Leading its crew is Capt. Kavon Hakimzadeh, who fled Iran during the revolution."
A Victim’s Account Fuels a Reckoning Over Abuse of Children in France	A French author wrote for years about his predilection for children and continued to win acclaim. Now one of them has spoken out.
Boeing 737 Crashes in Iran Shortly After Takeoff	"The plane, which was carrying at least 170 people, went down near Tehran because of technical problems, killing everyone on board, the local news media said."
Iran’s Supreme Leader Calls Missile Strike a ‘Slap in Face’ to U.S.: Live Updates	"Ayatollah Ali Khamenei addressed his nation hours after Iran’s foreign minister said the country had ‘concluded’ its attacks on American forces. Also on Wednesday, a passenger jet crashed in the Iranian capital, killing everyone on board."
Trump Backs Away from Further Military Conflict With Iran	"The morning after Iranian missiles fell on bases housing American troops in Iraq, the president said no Americans were harmed and Iran now “appears to be standing down.”"
The Trump We Did Not Want to See	When are we going to stop trying to rationalize the irrational?
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to ‘Step Back’ From Royal Duties in Extraordinary Retreat	"The couple said they plan to split time between Britain and North America, with Canada seen as a likely landing spot."
Just 700 Speak This Language (50 in the Same Brooklyn Building)	"Seke, one of the world’s rarest languages, is spoken by about 100 people in New York."
Why Is Mitch McConnell So Afraid of John Bolton?	The Senate must hear his testimony in an impeachment trial.
We Can’t Afford Trump as Our Commander in Chief	"He lacks the counsel, character and credibility to lead us into war."
A Strategy for the Mideast That Has Even Trump’s Allies Scratching Their Heads	"Conflicting statements, crossed signals and mixed messages have left the president and his top officials scrambling to explain his mission and goals after the death of Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani."
Why Are So Many Earthquakes Happening in Puerto Rico?	This week’s strong tremors are a reminder that the Caribbean is an active seismic zone.
"Iran Fires on U.S. Forces at 2 Bases in Iraq, Calling It ‘Fierce Revenge’"	"Iraqi officials say the Iranian strikes, involving at least a dozen ballistic missiles, caused no American or Iraqi casualties. President Trump issued an upbeat appraisal."
What We Know About the 2 Bases Iran Attacked	"The Pentagon said Iran fired more than a dozen ballistic missiles at the Asad and Erbil bases in Iraq, where American troops are stationed."
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Says She No Longer Has Pancreatic Cancer	"Justice Ginsburg, 86, underwent treatment for a malignant tumor that was discovered after a blood test in July."
How Rupert Murdoch Is Influencing Australia’s Bushfire Debate	"Critics see a concerted effort to shift blame, protect conservative leaders and divert attention from climate change."
3 Hours From Alert to Attacks: Inside the Race to Protect U.S. Forces From Iran Strikes	"Intelligence that foreshadowed the Iranian attack set off a tense, often confusing afternoon in the White House Situation Room."
The Mystery of Teen Vogue’s Disappearing Facebook Article	The online magazine deleted a glowing story about Facebook after questions were raised about whether it was an ad.
Tom Brady Enters 2019 Season With New Contract	"The New England Patriots have committed to paying the quarterback $85 million through the 2021 season, when he will be 44."
"For Prince Harry and His Wife, Meghan, a Tricky Balancing Act"	"Others have tried to be both part of the royal family, and separate from it. None have succeeded. Can the Duke and Duchess of Sussex pull it off?"
"Iranian Missile Accidentally Brought Down Ukrainian Jet, Officials Say, Citing Early Evidence"	"An Iranian surface-to-air missile brought down the jetliner, killing everyone aboard, Canada’s prime minister said, citing intelligence reports and echoing U.S. officials’ conclusions."
Video Shows Ukrainian Plane Being Hit Over Iran	The New York Times has obtained video of the moment a Ukrainian airliner was hit minutes after takeoff from Tehran.
Trump’s Move Against Landmark Environmental Law Caps a Relentless Agenda	"The White House, hoping to speed infrastructure projects like pipelines, will formally introduce changes to a half century-old landmark environmental law."
Black Britons Know Why Meghan Markle Wants Out	It’s the racism.
Who Killed the Knapp Family?	"Across America, working-class people — including many of our friends — are dying of despair. And we’re still blaming the wrong people."
President Mitch McConnell	He’s in charge of everything but shooting at Iran.
Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. and ‘Clowns’ Who Designed 737 Max	"The company expressed regret at the embarrassing communications it sent to investigators on Thursday, which included a comment that “this airplane is designed by clowns, who are in turn supervised by monkeys.”"
‘A Blood Bath’: 5 Dead as Gang Violence Rocks Mississippi Prisons	"Five inmates were slain last week, and two inmates escaped. The violence has illuminated an understaffed system troubled by gang warfare."
Evidence That Plane Was Shot Down in Iran May Upset U.S.-Canada Relations	"As evidence emerged that an Iranian missile may have felled a jetliner, causing the death of 63 Canadians, journalists pressed Justin Trudeau if President Trump should bear any of the blame."
"In Bay Ridge, a Couple With ‘Dishwasher Dreams’ Choose Among Three Apartments to Buy"	"After a decade of renting a ground-floor apartment, the first-time buyers tested their budget in their favorite Brooklyn neighborhood. Here’s where they wound up."
"Losing Meghan, Prince Harry and (Potentially) Billions of Pounds"	That sound you hear is hundreds of British brands biting their nails as the royal influencers depart.
Going Rogue: Prince Harry and Meghan Caught the Palace Off Guard	"The queen had yet to give her approval to their idea of becoming part-time royals, but word of the plan was about to leak."
Trump Has Made Us All Stupid	The decline of discourse in the anti-Trump echo chamber.
Boris Johnson Might Break Up the U.K. That’s a Good Thing.	It’s time to let the fantasy of the “British nation” die.
"She Was a Star of New York Real Estate, but Her Life Story Was a Lie"	"Faith Hope Consolo had the entire press fooled, including us. Then a message came in."
U.S. Unsuccessfully Tried Killing a Second Iranian Military Official	"A failed airstrike in Yemen was aimed at Abdul Reza Shahlai, an official with Iran’s Quds Force and an organizer of financing for regional militias supported by Iran."
Mohammed bin Zayed’s Dark Vision of the Middle East’s Future	The enigmatic leader of the U.A.E. may soon emerge as the region’s most powerful figure. What does he really want?
"Overtaken by Frigid Seas, Hours From Help, There Was Little Chance of Survival"	"For an Alaskan fishing industry with an improving safety record, the sinking of the Scandies Rose was a devastating loss. It also began an astonishing tale of endurance."
"Neil Peart, Drummer and Lyricist for Rush, Dies at 67"	"His drumming was at once intricate and explosive, expanding Rush’s power-trio dynamics. His lyrics transformed the band’s songs into elaborate suites."
Hollywood Assistants Are Fed Up and No Longer Afraid to Say So	"Emboldened by #MeToo, entry-level workers in the entertainment industry have banded together for more money and better behavior from their bosses."
"After 190 Years, the ‘Most Famous Bar You’ve Never Heard of’ Avoids Last Call"	"The owner of Neir’s Tavern in Queens said it would close on Sunday, barring a “miracle.” The city, it turns out, works in mysterious ways."
Why Do People Believe in Hell?	"The idea of eternal damnation is neither biblically, philosophically nor morally justified. But for many it retains a psychological allure."
"In Plane Crash, a Day of Blame: Ukraine Weighs In and Iran Mulls Announcement"	Ukraine’s main intelligence agency said it had narrowed down the possible causes of the crash to a missile strike or a terrorist act. And Iran may announce its own findings.
"News Quiz: Iran, British Royal Family, Golden Globes"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Buckingham Palace in Emergency Session to Resolve Harry and Meghan Crisis	"Everyone involved wants a quick resolution, but they have to be wary of setting precedents that could harm the monarchy."
Iran Says It Unintentionally Shot Down Ukrainian Airliner	"“The Islamic Republic of Iran deeply regrets this disastrous mistake,” President Hassan Rouhani said, as Iran reversed its claims that mechanical failure was to blame."
Everyone Knows Memory Fails as You Age. But Everyone Is Wrong.	Even 20-year-olds forget the simplest things.
Who Signs Up to Fight? Makeup of U.S. Recruits Shows Glaring Disparity	"More and more, new recruits come from the same small number of counties and are the children of old recruits."
Furor in Iran and Abroad After Tehran Admits Downing Ukrainian Jetliner	Ukrainian officials suggest Iran would not have admitted responsibility if investigators from Ukraine had not found missile debris in the crash wreckage.
You Are Unvaccinated and Got Sick. These Are Your Odds.	Comparing the dangerous effects of three diseases with the minimal side effects of their corresponding vaccines.
"In Blow to Beijing, Taiwan Re-elects Tsai Ing-wen as President"	The victory was a remarkable comeback for Ms. Tsai and suggested that Beijing’s pressure campaign had backfired.
Seven Days in January: How Trump Pushed U.S. and Iran to the Brink of War	"The story of that week, and the secret planning in the months preceding it, ranks as the most perilous chapter so far in President Trump’s three years in office."
Could ‘Megxit’ Be a Royal Fairy Tale for Canada?	"The possibility that Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan, might settle in Canada has unleashed a frenzy of excitement and offers of free coffee — but also some dissent."
"Harry, Meghan and Britain: When Did the Fairy Tale Go Sour?"	"Not that long ago, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were golden in the eyes of the news media and public. What happened?"
"Ukraine Plane Shot Down Because of Human Error, Iran Says: Live Updates"	The military said the passenger jet had been misidentified as a cruise missile flying over Tehran.
The 50 Best TV Shows on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best TV series currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
Black Britons Know Why Meghan Markle Wants Out	It’s the racism.
Saudi Military Trainees to Be Expelled From U.S. After Florida Shooting-CNN	"More than a dozen Saudi servicemen who are training at U.S. military bases will be expelled from the United States in the aftermath of a Pentagon review prompted by the deadly Dec. 6 shooting by a Saudi Air Force officer at an American naval base in Florida, CNN reported on Saturday."
Gone With the Windsors	Will Harry and Meghan have to move into an English basement?
Warnings of ‘Volcanic Tsunami’ After Eruption in the Philippines	"Tens of thousands were evacuated and tremors were felt in nearby villages amid an eruption of the country’s second-most-active volcano, the Taal, about 40 miles from Manila."
Esper Says He Didn’t See Specific Evidence Iran Planned to Attack 4 Embassies	President Trump had claimed that a planned attack on four American embassies was a justification for the strike on an Iranian general.
How to Stop Freaking Out and Tackle Climate Change	Here’s a five-step plan to deal with the stress and become part of the solution.
Black Britons Wonder What Took Harry and Meghan so Long	"“Thank God they are free,” one Londoner said. “All of this is about her race, I know it because as a Caribbean woman who did not grow up here, I have experienced it myself.”"
The Academic Apocalypse	The crisis of English departments is also a crisis of faith.
Macron Scraps Proposal to Raise Retirement Age in France	"Faced with an unrelenting protest over proposed changes in France’s generous pension system, officials withdraw a move to raise the full-benefit retirement age to 64 from the present 62."
What to Expect From the 2020 Oscar Nominations	"The Carpetbagger offers a sneak preview of the snubs, surprises, and controversies to look for when the ballot is revealed on Monday."
Facebook Says It Won’t Back Down From Allowing Lies in Political Ads	"The company was under intense pressure to adjust its policies. But in this presidential election year, no big changes are planned."
Iran Cracks Down as Protests Over Downing of Airliner Grow	"Remarkably, some criticism is coming from some within the government’s hard-line power base."
"Diego, the Tortoise Whose High Sex Drive Helped Save His Species, Retires"	"With the future secured, he’s finally going home. Good job, Diego."
Oscar Nominations 2020: ‘Joker’ and ‘Irishman’ Lead the Nominees	"“Once Upon a Time … in Hollywood,” “1917” and “Parasite” were also among the films receiving multiple nominations."
2020 Oscar Nominations: Full Ballot	See this year’s Oscar nominees and make your picks.
The 10 Most Checked-Out Books in N.Y. Public Library History	"More than half are children’s books, but “1984,” “To Kill a Mockingbird” and “Fahrenheit 451” also made the list."
Queen ‘Supportive’ of Prince Harry and Meghan’s ‘New Life’	"While long-term arrangements will take time to settle, the queen wants final decisions to be reached “in the coming days.”"
"Away C.E.O. Is Back, Just Weeks After Stepping Down"	"Former employees of the luggage start-up told a tech website that Steph Korey had created a toxic culture. She stepped aside. But now, she says that was a mistake."
"Oscar Snubs and Surprises: Jennifer Lopez, ‘Frozen II,’ Female Directors"	"An #OscarsSoWhite outcome was just barely averted, but the best-director lineup is all male once again."
The Bearable Whiteness of ‘Little Women’	There is a fine line between a story that is about the worldview of a specific person and one that declares that this worldview is the only one that matters.
Cory Booker’s Exit From 2020 Race Ends a Once-Promising Political Chapter	"The New Jersey senator, who built his campaign around a message of unity, was unable to catch on with substantial numbers of voters and ended his quest before voting began."
"Barr Asks Apple to Unlock Pensacola Killer’s Phones, Setting Up Clash"	The request set up a collision between law enforcement and big technology firms in the latest battle over privacy and security.
Russians Hacked Ukrainian Gas Company at Center of Impeachment	"The timing and scale of the attacks suggest the Russians may be looking for the same kind of damaging information on Joe Biden that President Trump wanted from Ukraine, security experts say."
"Iran Protests Rage Over Downed Jet, as Lawmakers Demand Accountability"	"Protesters chanted against Iran’s clerical rulers for a third day, while several prominent newscasters quit their jobs, apologizing for having broadcast lies."
L.S.U. Defeats Clemson for the College Football Championship	A win in Monday’s title game erased any remaining doubts that Ed Orgeron’s team had arrived as a dominant force in the sport.
A Narrative Collapses as Trump Tweets: ‘It Doesn’t Really Matter’	President Trump cited Maj. Gen. Qassim Suleimani’s “horrible past” as possibly reason enough for the drone strike that killed him.
Can You Score Against the ‘Jeopardy!’ Best?	"Ken Jennings, James Holzhauer and Brad Rutter have been mastering the board in the “Jeopardy!” greatest of all time tournament, which resumes on Tuesday. See if you can answer the clues that all three of them have missed."
January Democratic Debate: Final One Before the First Votes	Tonight’s the last debate before the Iowa caucuses next month. Here are the key dynamics to watch for among the six Democrats on stage.
Warren Says Sanders Told Her a Woman Could Not Win the Presidency	"Earlier on Monday, Bernie Sanders had denied making the remark in a private 2018 meeting with Elizabeth Warren, accusing her campaign staff of “lying about what happened.”"
New Video Shows Two Iranian Missiles Hit Ukrainian Plane	"Security camera footage verified by The New York Times shows that two missiles fired 30 seconds apart took down Flight 752, killing all aboard."
"How Tiffany Moved 114,000 Gems Without Getting Robbed"	"It took dozens of security officers, hundreds of cameras and a vow of secrecy for the storied jeweler to move to temporary quarters as it renovates its flagship store on Fifth Avenue."
What Happened When a State Made Food Stamps Harder to Get	"In West Virginia, tougher work requirements for receiving food stamps complicated life for poor people, but did not result in increased employment."
BlackRock C.E.O. Larry Fink: Climate Crisis Will Reshape Finance	"In his influential annual letter to chief executives, Mr. Fink said his firm would avoid investments in companies that “present a high sustainability-related risk.”"
"Secret Service Agent Kills Dog, Unnerving a Brooklyn Neighborhood"	The off-duty agent told the police that the animal had charged at him while he was walking in Windsor Terrace.
How Does President Sanders Sound to You?	Bernie is surging and may have found his moment.
6 Takeaways From the January 2020 Democratic Debate	"While sparks didn’t really fly, Warren and Sanders had a tense moment. Klobuchar was the only one to throw punches in the debate, and Biden largely escaped attacks from his rivals."
House to Send Impeachment Charges to Senate as New Evidence Emerges	"On the eve of the formal start of the historic trial of President Trump, new records provided more detail on his Ukraine influence campaign, intensifying pressure on Senate Republicans."
"For Prince Harry, No Special Treatment in Canada"	"When it comes to immigration, taxation and even what they call themselves, Harry and Meghan will be no different than any other newcomers to Canada."
"France, Germany and U.K. Serve Notice on Iran Under Nuclear Deal"	"The European nations triggered a dispute mechanism in the 2015 pact, a first step toward reimposing United Nations sanctions."
"She’s Harvey Weinstein’s Lawyer, and She Thinks #MeToo Is ‘Dangerous’"	"“We can’t have movements that strip us of our fundamental rights,” said Donna Rotunno, who has faced criticism from feminists."
A Homecoming at Taal Volcano: ‘Everything’s Gone in the Blink of an Eye.’	"At least 30,000 people have fled since a mammoth eruption in the Philippines, and a new blast is feared. These islanders went back anyway."
"Gender, War and Taking On Trump: Democrats Spar Just Weeks Before Voting"	"The growing rift between Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren rose to the surface in the Democratic debate, and the candidates also sparred over their stances on war."
That Lead Apron in the X-Ray Room? You May Not Need It	A number of radiology organizations are trying to end the decades-old practice of shielding patients from radiation with lead aprons.
Russian Premier Abruptly Quits Amid Swirl of Speculation on Putin	The unexpected move by Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev fueled speculation that President Vladimir V. Putin is maneuvering to stay in power when his term ends in 2024.
Bricks Alive! Scientists Create Living Concrete	‘A Frankenstein material’ teeming with — and ultimately made by — photosynthetic microbes. And it can reproduce.
Here Are New Details on That Warren and Sanders Post-Debate Exchange	"Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders had a brief, seemingly tense exchange shortly after Tuesday night’s Democratic debate ended."
Trump’s Impeachment Trial a Perilous Duty for Chief Justice	"Chief Justice John Roberts’s role at an impeachment trial may be mostly ceremonial, but signs of partisanship could damage the Supreme Court."
Warren and Sanders Seemed to Calm Things. Then the Debate Ended.	"Elizabeth Warren called Bernie Sanders her “friend” at the Iowa debate, even as they disagreed over what Mr. Sanders said in a 2018 meeting. Afterward, they exchanged words (but didn’t shake hands)."
Lawsuit Claims Epstein Trafficked Girls in Caribbean Until 2018	The attorney general of the Virgin Islands says Mr. Epstein and his associates used a database to track victims as young as 11 years old.
A Maine Paper Mill’s Unexpected Savior: China	"First came the Buddhist monks. Then the feng shui consultant. In the summer, a battered New England mill town greeted the new owner of its factory — one of the richest tycoons in China."
"House Delivers Impeachment Charges to Senate, Paving the Way for a Trial"	The House impeachment managers walked the articles of impeachment across the Capitol after a long-anticipated vote to start what promises to be a partisan impeachment trial of President Trump.
Who Won the Debate? Experts Weigh In	"There was little consensus on who won or lost, but political strategists thought several moments stood out."
"Taal Volcano Eases, but Philippines Worries Worst Is to Come"	"The potential threat alarms a country that is no stranger to natural disasters like typhoons, earthquakes, mudslides, tsunamis and floods."
"Lev Parnas, Key Player in Ukraine Affair, Completes Break With Trump and Giuliani"	"In an interview, he said the president knew everything about the effort to push Ukraine to investigate the Bidens and the 2016 election."
"Rocky Johnson, Professional Wrestler and Father of Dwayne (the Rock) Johnson, Dies at 75"	"Mr. Johnson battled racism early in his career and later helped train his son, introducing him to the world of professional wrestling years before he became a famous actor."
This Strange Microbe May Mark One of Life’s Great Leaps	A organism living in ocean muck offers clues to the origins of the complex cells of all animals and plants.
"Virginia Approves the E.R.A., Becoming the 38th State to Back It"	"Virginia’s move is symbolic, and crosses the threshold of three-quarters of states needed for ratification. Yet the fate of the E.R.A. is far from decided."
Trump Attaches Severe Restrictions to Puerto Rico’s Long-Delayed Disaster Aid	"Days after the island was hit by a 5.9-magnitude earthquake, the White House released billions in aid but placed limits on how it can be spent."
Japan Confirms First Case of New Chinese Coronavirus	The detection of the virus in Japan adds to fears that it will spread outside China’s borders after a case was also reported in Thailand this week.
‘The View’ Has a Meghan McCain Problem	The daytime co-hosts’ heated bipartisan debates are played down as disagreement among friends. But the strain for “civility” is tiring.
F.B.I. Arrests Suspected Members of Neo-Nazi Group Before Virginia Gun Rally	"The three men had obtained guns and discussed traveling to Virginia for protests against new gun control measures, officials said."
Ukraine Investigates Trump Allies Amid Reports of Surveillance of Marie Yovanovitch	Newly released documents suggest that Ms. Yovanovitch was being watched in Kyiv while she was the American ambassador there.
G.A.O. Report Says Trump Administration Broke Law in Withholding Ukraine Aid	"As the Senate prepared for the impeachment trial, the Government Accountability Office said the White House violated a law that limits a president’s power to withhold money allocated by Congress."
Trump Tax Break That Benefited the Rich Is Being Investigated	"The Treasury Department’s watchdog said it was looking into the Opportunity Zone program, a multibillion-dollar tax break that is supposed to help low-income areas."
New York Mayor Scorned Over His Favorite Bagel Order	Toasted bagel? Roasted mayor.
The Second-Biggest Diamond in History Has a New Owner	"Louis Vuitton has won all 1,758 carats of the Sewelo diamond."
A Meticulous Account of Trump’s Tenure Reads Like a Comic Horror Story	"“A Very Stable Genius,” by the Washington Post reporters Philip Rucker and Carol Leonnig, is among the most closely observed accounts of Donald J. Trump’s time in office to date."
President Bernie Sanders	It really could happen.
Another Disability Disaster in the Making	The Trump administration’s Social Security proposal would repeat one of Ronald Reagan’s most damaging mistakes.
Justice Dept. Investigating Years-Old Leaks and Appears Focused on Comey	An inquiry into years-old disclosures of classified information is highly unusual and leaves law enforcement officials open to accusations of politicizing their work.
A Bronx Renter Considers Upgrades in Manhattan and Queens. Which Borough Did She Choose?	"Seeking more space indoors and out, one renter with a $2,000 monthly budget explored whether it was worth leaving her South Bronx neighborhood. Here's where she wound up."
"Evelyn Yang, Wife of Andrew Yang, Says She Was Assaulted by Her Gynecologist"	"In an interview with CNN, Ms. Yang said the doctor, Robert Hadden, sexually assaulted her in 2012, when she was seven months pregnant."
Senate Opens Trump Impeachment Trial as New Ukraine Revelations Emerge	"The chief justice was sworn in as the presiding officer and senators swore to do “impartial justice,” as the Senate opened only the third presidential impeachment trial in U.S. history."
"Christopher Tolkien, Keeper of His Father’s Legacy, Dies at 95"	"As literary executor of the estate of his father, J.R.R. Tolkien, Mr. Tolkien compiled and edited such works as “The Silmarillion.”"
The Bernie Sanders Fallacy	"No, Virginia, there is no class war."
"News Quiz: Iran, Taal Volcano, Oscar Nominations"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Trump Targets Michelle Obama’s School Nutrition Guidelines on Her Birthday	The Agriculture Department proposed a rule that would further unravel nutrition standards set by Mrs. Obama when she was first lady.
Trump’s Evil Is Contagious	The president has shown us exactly what happens when good people do nothing.
Fish Oil Supplements Tied to Sperm Health	"Young men who took fish oil supplements had higher sperm counts, a greater sperm volume and larger average testicular size."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
Grammys Leader Deborah Dugan Removed 10 Days Before Ceremony	"The chief executive was placed on administrative leave following an “allegation of misconduct,” three weeks after sending a memo about voting irregularities and financial mismanagement."
What Americans Don’t Understand About China’s Power	Its biggest advantage is American stagnation.
Disney Drops Fox From Names of Studios It Bought From Rupert Murdoch	The name change means consumers won’t mistakenly connect the Disney-owned studio with Mr. Murdoch’s polarizing Fox News.
Three U.S. Airports to Check Passengers for a Deadly Chinese Coronavirus	"Passengers from Wuhan, China, will be screened at J.F.K. beginning Friday night, and in San Francisco and Los Angeles starting on Saturday."
"At the Bottom of the Sea, They Wait to Feast on Alligators"	Usually the large reptiles feed on other creatures. But scientists found a surprise at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico.
Dog the Bounty Hunter Is Hunting Alone	Life after Beth.
Trump Legal Team Adds Starr and Dershowitz for Senate Trial	"Ken Starr and a third lawyer named to the team, Robert Ray, were independent counsels who investigated President Bill Clinton."
Martha McSally Calls CNN Reporter a ‘Liberal Hack’	"When Manu Raju of CNN posed an impeachment question to Ms. McSally, an Arizona Republican, she replied: “I’m not talking to you. You’re a liberal hack.”"
The Secretive Company That Might End Privacy as We Know It	"A little-known start-up helps law enforcement match photos of unknown people to their online images — and “might lead to a dystopian future or something,” a backer says."
"Klimt Painting Found in Museum’s Wall Is Authentic, Experts Say"	Gardeners found the painting in the wall of the Italian museum it was stolen from almost 23 years ago.
When Trump’s Thugs Turn on Him	Lev Parnas has shown us Trumpism from the inside.
"In Oval Office Meeting, Trump Expresses Regret on Vaping Policy"	The president interrupted a meeting with campaign advisers to scold his health and human services secretary about the administration’s ban on most flavored e-cigarettes.
"Harry and Meghan Give Up Royal Titles, Forgo State Funding"	"The agreement represents one of the most dramatic ruptures within the British royal family since King Edward VIII abdicated the throne in 1936 to marry an American woman, Wallis Simpson."
"Pressured by Simmons Over Exposé, Oprah Winfrey Faced a Big Decision"	"Ms. Winfrey acknowledged that Russell Simmons pushed her to abandon a documentary about his accusers, but said her own concerns led her to pull support."
Why Mothers’ Choices About Work and Family Often Feel Like No Choice at All	"When policymakers frame “choices” as personal preferences, it distracts from major structural constraints."
A Blow to the Head Makes an Instant Hero in India	"Aishe Ghosh, a young woman who was set upon at a campus demonstration, has become an icon in India’s growing protest movement."
"Capt. ‘Sully’ Sullenberger: Like Joe Biden, I Once Stuttered, Too. I Dare You to Mock Me."	"The retired pilot responds to recent comments from the president’s daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, on the way the former vice president talks."
U.F.C. 246 Live Results: Holm Wins With A Decision	"Conor McGregor, the U.F.C.’s biggest star, returns to the octagon after a 15-month layoff. His main event fight against Donald Cerrone will likely happen after midnight Eastern."
National Archives Apologizes for Altering Image of 2017 Women’s March	"A photo from the march displayed at the National Archives was altered to blur signs that were critical of President Trump or might be offensive, officials said."
Trump’s Defense Team Calls Impeachment Charges ‘Brazen’ as Democrats Make Legal Case	"In a six-page filing formally responding to the impeachment charges, President Trump’s lawyers rejected the case against him as illegitimate and described the effort to remove him as dangerous."
Would a 37-Year-Old Woman Be Where Pete Buttigieg Is?	Conversations with 37-year-old women in politics might offer some answers.
Navy Aircraft Carrier to Be Named for Black Pearl Harbor Veteran	"Doris Miller was the first African-American sailor to receive the Navy Cross, for his bravery during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor."
Senate Republicans Are Bathed in Shame	"There’s no “impartial justice,” just protection of Trump at all costs."
SpaceX Launch Updates: Rocket Destroyed in Crew Dragon Safety Test	"To prove it is safe for astronauts, the company tested its Crew Dragon capsule’s rescue system."
How 17 Outsize Portraits Rattled a Small Southern Town	"Newnan, Ga., decided to use art to help the community celebrate diversity and embrace change. Not everyone was ready for what they saw."
Even C-SPAN Is Piqued: Senate Puts Limits on Trial Coverage	"The Senate will control the cameras during the impeachment trial, limiting what viewers see, and reporters will be confined to roped-off areas."
How U.S. Firms Helped Africa’s Richest Woman Exploit Her Country’s Wealth	"Isabel dos Santos, the daughter of Angola’s former president, built an empire in a country mired in corruption. Western consultants were her advisers."
A (Former) Night Owl’s Guide to Becoming a Morning Person	"I love staying up late, but I hate struggling through the mornings. Here’s how I adapted, and how you can, too."
"China Reports Jump in Deadly Virus Cases, Adding to Fears of Outbreak"	"The spread of the pneumonialike illness to two other cities comes ahead of the Lunar New Year, when hundreds of millions will travel."
Facebook Apologizes for Vulgar Translation of Chinese Leader’s Name	"“This should not have happened and we are taking steps to ensure it doesn’t happen again,” the company said."
Harry and Meghan’s Hard Exit	"The couple’s wish to carve out more ‘progressive’ roles has led to the loss of perks, privileges and titles."
New York Times Editorial Board Endorses Amy Klobuchar and Elizabeth Warren	The decision to endorse two candidates was a significant break with convention. The board said it reflected the Democratic Party’s “radical” and “realist” models.
The Injustice of This Moment Is Not an ‘Aberration’	"From mass incarceration to mass deportation, our nation remains in deep denial."
How U.S. Firms Helped Africa’s Richest Woman Exploit Her Country’s Wealth	"Isabel dos Santos, the daughter of Angola’s former president, built an empire in a country mired in corruption. Western consultants were her advisers."
China Confirms New Coronavirus Spreads From Humans to Humans	"A top Chinese government-appointed expert says a mysterious respiratory illness that has killed at least three people can be transmitted by humans, heightening concern about the outbreak."
"Amid Tight Security, Virginia Gun Rally Draws Thousands of Supporters"	"Some 22,000 people, many of them armed, flooded the streets around the State Capitol to protest gun control proposals from the new Democratic majority."
How Boeing’s Responsibility in a Deadly Crash ‘Got Buried’	A study that blasted Boeing after a 2009 accident was never made public. Other criticisms were tempered by investigators after the company and U.S. safety officials objected.
Harvey Weinstein’s Dark Days	"As his trial begins, he’s hobbled and “terrified.” His accusers say he deserves his misfortune for his treatment of women."
India Targets Jeff Bezos Over Amazon and Washington Post	"Like Trump, India is pressuring both of Mr. Bezos’ businesses as its leaders become more nationalistic toward foreign companies and news media."
Caneel Bay: Why a Caribbean Paradise Remains in Ruins	"Two years after back-to-back hurricanes struck St. John, the famed Caneel Bay Resort has not reopened. The storms’ lingering aftermath laid bare the eco-resort’s long-festering problems."
"On King Holiday, 2020 Democrats March Arm in Arm to Honor His Legacy"	"Most of the leading Democratic presidential hopefuls took part in speeches, a march and a rally in the state capital, before heading to an Iowa forum focused on minority communities."
McConnell Pushes to Speed Impeachment Trial as Trump Requests Swift Acquittal	"On Monday, the president’s lawyers asserted he did nothing wrong and urged the Senate to “swiftly reject” the charges against him."
Rural Montana Had Already Lost Too Many Native Women. Then Selena Disappeared.	"For decades, with little public notice, Native women have gone missing or been found murdered. The search for Selena Not Afraid showed how much things had changed."
The 50 Best TV Shows on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best TV series currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
How Much Racism Do You Face Every Day?	"To see how your experience compares, answer some of the questions that were posed to 101 black teenagers as part of a study measuring the racism they face on a daily basis."
"Australia’s Wild Weather: First Fires, Now Baseball-Size Hail"	"Severe heat and dry skies have given way to strong thunderstorms in the country’s southeast, where giant hailstones destroyed cars."
Video Shows Daniel Shaver Pleading for His Life Before Being Shot by Officer	"The video, released after an Arizona jury acquitted the officer of murder, renewed calls for reforms in law enforcement. Activists described the shooting as an execution."
Hillary Clinton Says ‘Nobody Likes’ Bernie Sanders and Declines to Commit to Backing Him	"Mrs. Clinton sharply criticized her former primary rival in a forthcoming documentary series, and stood by her comments in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter."
Glenn Greenwald Charged With Cybercrimes in Brazil	Mr. Greenwald is accused of being part of a “criminal investigation” that hacked into the cellphones of prosecutors and public officials.
First Wuhan Coronavirus Patient Identified in the United States	A person in Washington State is infected with a new respiratory virus. The outbreak began at a market in China and now has spread to at least four other countries.
Greta Thunberg’s Message at Davos Forum: ‘Our House Is Still on Fire’	"The activist punched a hole in the promises emerging from a forum of the global political and business elite at Davos, telling the leaders to stop investing in fossil fuels immediately."
"Dear Harry and Meghan, Some Friendly Canadian Advice"	"For one thing, stick with Drake."
"Biden, Sanders, Social Security and Smears"	"Lying about a rival is bad, even if you don’t like his past positions."
We Should Have Bought the DVDs	"It’s 2022. I don’t know if I’ll ever own a house, but I can own my favorite television shows in their entirety."
‘Constitutional Nonsense’: Trump’s Impeachment Defense Defies Legal Consensus	The president’s legal case would negate any need for witnesses. But constitutional scholars say that it’s wrong.
Africa’s Richest Woman Is Barred From Her Bank and Under Investigation	"A trove of leaked documents showed how Isabel dos Santos, the daughter of Angola’s ex-president, exploited the country’s wealth to enrich herself."
Greta Thunberg’s Remarks at the Davos Economic Forum	The Swedish climate activist spoke Tuesday afternoon at an event hosted by The New York Times and the World Economic Forum.
What We Know About the Wuhan Coronavirus	A mysterious virus has caused an international outbreak of respiratory illness. Now the infection has arrived in the U.S.
The Freshwater Giants Are Dying	Overharvesting and habitat loss endanger most of the world’s freshwater “megafauna.” But many species may yet be saved.
La brutal estrategia de López Obrador para aumentar impuestos	México ha postergado una reforma fiscal por mucho tiempo. El presidente parece estar allanando el camino para hacer necesarios cambios tributarios pero con métodos que entrañan riesgos.
Trump Impeachment: Highlights From Tuesday’s Senate Trial	Senators are expected to work late into the night as they consider a proposal for the proceedings from Senator Mitch McConnell. Here are the key highlights so far.
The Test a Deadly Coronavirus Outbreak Poses to China’s Leadership	"The new virus has killed at least nine and infected more than 400 people in China, with confirmed cases in the United States, Taiwan, Thailand, Japan and South Korea."
"Beware Falling Iguanas, Florida Warns"	"Cold weather stuns the lizards, which drop from trees, seemingly frozen or dead. Not to worry: The warm sun wakes them up again."
"Terry Jones, Monty Python Founder and Scholar, Is Dead at 77"	"In addition to being a charter member of the celebrated British sketch troupe, he was a director, a screenwriter and an authority on Chaucer."
"After Culinary and Literary Acclaim, She’s Moving to the Woods"	"The chef Iliana Regan created a hit Chicago restaurant and wrote a tough, award-winning memoir. But her real dream lives in a cabin in northern Michigan."
Let Us All Now Weep for Donald Trump	"In his Senate trial as in all else, he’s a profile in persecution."
Trump Opens Door to Cuts to Medicare and Other Entitlement Programs	"The president signaled a willingness to scale back Medicare, a shift from his 2016 platform of protecting entitlement programs."
Day in Impeachment: Key Moments From the Managers’ Opening Arguments	The House impeachment managers began laying out their case and Adam Schiff challenged the Senate to demand that the president provide the information he has blocked.
"Wuhan, Center of Coronavirus Outbreak, Is Being Cut Off by Chinese Authorities"	"The sudden restrictions — announced after the official death toll nearly doubled — could upend the travel plans of millions of Chinese citizens, who travel in huge numbers during the Lunar New Year holiday."
"Where Trails Are for Skating, Not Hiking"	"It’s a skater’s dream: icy forest mazes and long, winding paths through winter landscapes. In Quebec, Canada, the dream is real."
"As New Virus Spreads From China, Scientists See Grim Reminders"	"Epidemics of related viruses, like SARS, killed hundreds. But the W.H.O. has postponed a decision on whether the new outbreak is a global emergency."
Why Did Alan Dershowitz Say Yes to Trump?	Serious constitutional scholars don’t accept his defense of the president in the Senate impeachment trial.
The American People Are Being Scammed by Mitch McConnell	Senators have a duty to conduct a fair and full trial. The Republican leader is trying to make sure they can’t.
"Chaos as Militants Overran Airfield, Killing 3 Americans in Kenya"	"The brazen Shabab assault at Manda Bay, Kenya, a sleepy seaside base near the Somali border, on Jan. 5 left three Americans dead, raising complex questions about the military’s mission in Africa."
Gay Men Are Dying From a Crisis We’re Not Talking About	No one’s really grappling with the meth disaster.
Scale of China’s Wuhan Shutdown Is Believed to Be Without Precedent	"In sealing off a city of 11 million people, China is trying to halt a coronavirus outbreak using a tactic with a complicated history of ethical concerns."
Trump Removes Pollution Controls on Streams and Wetlands	"The Trump administration has finished a new rule that rolls back environmental controls on many wetlands and intermittent streams, delivering a win to rural landowners."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: As Outbreak Grows, China Bans Travel From 3 Cities"	At least 17 people have died and more than 570 have been sickened by a mysterious illness. Many residents are worried by the official response.
How Jeff Bezos’ iPhone X Was Hacked	"It most likely began with a tiny bit of code that implanted malware, which gave attackers access to Mr. Bezos’ photos and texts."
Utah Judge Rules Against Woman Who Was Topless in Her Own Garage	A Utah judge ruled against a woman who tried to fight a lewdness charge for appearing bare-chested in front of her stepchildren.
"In Presidential First, Trump Will Attend Anti-Abortion March for Life"	The first in-person presidential appearance at the annual event in its 47-year history is President Trump’s latest gesture of support for a cause dear to his evangelical base.
Trump Dismisses Troops’ Possible Brain Injuries as ‘Headaches’	The deputy commander of the American-led operation in Iraq said the Pentagon was putting service members through medical examinations to see if they had traumatic brain injuries.
"Jim Lehrer, Longtime PBS News Anchor, Is Dead at 85"	"For 36 years, mostly teaming with Robert MacNeil, he offered an alternative to network evening news programs with in-depth reporting, interviews and news analysis."
Andy Byford Resigns as New York City’s Subway Chief	"He arrived two years ago to turn around the city’s failing subway, making significant progress."
"New York City Stores Must Accept Cash, Council Says"	New York lawmakers passed a bill that puts New York at the forefront of a national movement to ban cashless businesses.
Trump Acts Like a Politician. That’s Not an Impeachable Offense.	Receiving a “political benefit” does not transform an otherwise legal action (like requesting an investigation) into an abuse of power.
The Mummy Speaks! Hear Sounds From the Voice of an Ancient Egyptian Priest	"Scientists used a 3-D printer, a loudspeaker and computer software to recreate a part of the voice of a 3,000-year-old mummy."
"Seeing a Bloomberg Ad on Fox News, Trump Takes the Bait"	"The president’s advisers have urged him not to pay attention to the low-polling Democratic presidential candidate. But as Michael Bloomberg poured cash into attack ads, he became harder to ignore."
Pope Francis Replaces Conservative Archbishop of Philadelphia	"Archbishop Charles J. Chaput, who was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI in 2011, has long been known as a theological and political conservative, often at odds with Pope Francis."
"Texas Student May Have Wuhan Coronavirus, as Dozens in U.S. Are Monitored"	"Health officials said they were keeping the Texas A&M student, who had traveled to China, isolated at home."
3 U.S. Firefighters Die in Plane Crash as Australia’s Blazes Intensify	The disaster ended a brief lull in the country’s summer of deadly wildfires.
My Grandmother Kept Telling Us About the Nazis. Now I Know Why.	Marianne Goldstein spent her life recounting her family’s escape to America in 1939. Only recently did I realize she wanted to do more than remember what happened.
Coronavirus Live Updates: China Expands Travel Limits to Include 35 Million People	"As a mysterious new virus sickens more than 800 people in China, the authorities are scrambling to contain its spread by restricting travel in 13 cities around the center of the outbreak."
The Saudi Connection: Inside the 9/11 Case That Divided the F.B.I.	A small team of agents spent years investigating whether one of Washington’s closest allies was involved in the worst terror attack in U.S. history. This is their story.
"Many in China Wear Them, but Do Masks Block Coronavirus?"	"They may help, but experts say it’s more important to wash your hands."
"34 Troops Have Brain Injuries From Iranian Missile Strike, Pentagon Says"	A Pentagon spokesman said that eight of the affected service members returned to the United States from an American military hospital in Germany.
Joe Biden Is Stronger Than You Think	Here’s why he is still winning.
Brains Turned to Glass? Suffocated in Boathouses? Vesuvius Victims Get New Look	Two studies examined grim scenes left at a Roman settlement devastated by the 79 A.D. eruption.
Mystery of the Royal Family of Oudh Unravels a Bit More	Times readers and government documents have provided new information about a family who for decades convinced journalists and Indian officials that they were royalty.
"Emotional Schiff Speech Goes Viral, Delighting the Left and Enraging the Right"	"Representative Adam B. Schiff took a risk in telling senators they must convict and remove President Trump because ""you know you can't trust this president to do what's right for this country."""
Lev Parnas Says He Has Recording of Trump Calling for Ambassador’s Firing	The former associate of Rudolph W. Giuliani said through his lawyer that he had given the recording to the House Intelligence Committee for use in the impeachment inquiry.
"News Quiz: Coronavirus, Impeachment, Davos"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
"Why Democrats Still Have to Appeal to the Center, but Republicans Don’t"	Polarization has changed the two parties — just not in the same way.
Pompeo Lashes Out at Reporter and Challenges Her to Find Ukraine on a Map	"“He shouted at me for about the same amount of time as the interview itself had lasted,” said Mary Louise Kelly of NPR."
Coronavirus Live Updates: A Somber Holiday as China Reports More Deaths	"The authorities reported 15 new deaths in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, as the virus spread to Australia and elsewhere."
"85,000 Pieces From Beloved Chinatown Museum Likely Destroyed in Fire"	The president of the Museum of Chinese in America said that she was “just distraught” and that the collection was one of a kind.
"Sanders Seizes Lead in Volatile Iowa Race, Times Poll Finds"	"With solid support from liberals, Mr. Sanders appears to be peaking just as the caucuses approach. But many Iowa voters said they could still change their mind."
"Officer Charged in Murder of Son, 8, Kept in Freezing Garage, Police Say"	"“Get your hands off his mouth”: Audio was captured hours before the boy’s death at the hands of his N.Y.P.D. father, officials said."
"‘Doorbell Ditch’ Prank Led to Crash That Killed 3 Teens, Officials Say"	Prosecutors said that a Southern California man intentionally rammed into a car full of teenagers after they tricked him.
"Branding Trump a Danger, Democrats Cap the Case for His Removal"	"On the final day of their oral arguments, House impeachment managers called President Trump a danger to the nation."
Tape Made Public of Trump Discussing Ukraine With Donors	The recording from a dinner in 2018 showed that the president spent an hour with two key players in the Ukraine pressure campaign. He has repeatedly said he does not know them.
"China’s Battle With a Deadly Coronavirus, in Photos"	Here are the latest images as the country confronts a major public health crisis.
China’s Omnivorous Markets Are in the Eye of a Lethal Outbreak Once Again	The coronavirus that has spread from Wuhan has been linked to the sale of live wildlife at a market that experts describe as a perfect incubator for novel pathogens.
Effects of Coronavirus Begin Echoing Far From Wuhan Epicenter	"Hong Kong closed its schools for several weeks, Beijing began limiting bus travel in and out of the capital and China’s travel association suspended tour groups of citizens heading overseas."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Death Toll Reaches 56 as U.S. Confirms Third Case	Hundreds of medical personnel are being deployed to Wuhan and affected areas to treat the ill and stem the outbreak.
Your Credit Score May Soon Change. Here’s Why.	FICO is tweaking its all-important formula. Scores will rise for about 40 million people and drop for another 40 million.
Harry and Meghan’s Big Funding Source Is Private. Sort of.	"Prince Charles’s pledge to help support the couple as they forgo public funding has put a spotlight on his own sources of wealth, including a billion-pound real estate conglomerate."
Anatomy of a Lie: How Iran Covered Up the Downing of an Airliner	"For three days, Iranian military officials knew they had shot down a Ukrainian jetliner while the government issued false statements, denying any responsibility."
Kobe Bryant Dead in Helicopter Crash: Live Updates	"The retired N.B.A. star, 41, was among the passengers in a helicopter that crashed in Calabasas, Calif."
"Trump Tied Ukraine Aid to Inquiries He Sought, Bolton Book Says"	Drafts of the book outline the potential testimony of the former national security adviser if he were called as a witness in the president’s impeachment trial.
Grammys 2020: Live Updates From the Awards Show	"Lizzo won best pop solo performance and dedicated her show-openers to Kobe Bryant, who died on Sunday."
How Does a Nation Adapt to Its Own Murder?	"Australia is going up in flames, and its government calls for resilience while planning for more coal mines."
"Pompeo Denounces News Media, Undermining U.S. Message on Press Freedom"	"In an extraordinary statement, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo criticized a veteran NPR reporter, Mary Louise Kelly, and said the news media was “unhinged.”"
The Best Photos From the 2020 Grammys Red Carpet	"Lil Nas X, Lizzo, Lana Del Rey and Ariana Grande all turned up in fashion. Celebrities responded to the death of Kobe Bryant."
5 Takeaways on Trump and Ukraine From John Bolton’s Book	New revelations from the former White House national security adviser could complicate President Trump’s impeachment trial.
"Schiff, Calling Trump ‘Wrathful and Vindictive,’ Sees Tweet as a Threat"	"In an extraordinary back-and-forth between a president and a congressman, President Trump warned that Representative Adam Schiff, the lead House impeachment manager, “has not paid the price, yet.”"
"As Coronavirus Fears Intensify, Effectiveness of Quarantines Is Questioned"	"Amid news the coronavirus is spreading at an accelerating rate, concern is growing that China’s lockdown of cities may not only have come too late but could even make the situation worse."
2020 Grammy Winners: The Complete List	"Billie Eilish, Lizzo and Lil Nas X picked up trophies at the 62nd annual awards."
Kobe Bryant’s Brilliant and Complicated Legacy	"Bryant, who died with his daughter Gianna in a helicopter crash on Sunday, was an unquestioned basketball great, but his legacy is not so straightforward."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: As Death Toll Rises, Mayor at Center of Outbreak Offers to Resign"	"China extended the Lunar New Year holiday to help contain an outbreak of the mysterious virus with cases confirmed around the world. Of the nearly 3,000 people who have so far contracted the disease, the vast majority live in China."
"Yes, Secretary Pompeo, Americans Should Care About Ukraine"	A former ambassador tells the secretary of state just why.
John Roberts Can Call Witnesses to Trump’s Trial. Will He?	Democratic House managers should ask the chief justice to issue subpoenas for John Bolton and others.
Live Updates: Helicopter With Kobe Bryant Approved to Fly in Fog	"Bryant, 41, was traveling with his 13-year-old daughter to his youth basketball academy when they and seven other people perished in the crash. The helicopter had been given special approval to fly in foggy weather."
The 9 Victims of the Helicopter Crash That Killed Kobe Bryant	A baseball coach. A pilot. Teenage girls and their parents. Here is what we know so far about those on board.
How Under Armour Lost Its Edge	"Once heralded as the next Nike, the sportswear giant has been hurt by slumping sales and unflattering revelations about its corporate culture."
Washington Post Suspends a Reporter After Her Tweets on Kobe Bryant	"While social media praised the N.B.A. star after his death, Felicia Sonmez posted a link to an article on the allegations of sexual assault made against him in 2003."
A Notorious Sandy Hook Tormentor Is Arrested in Florida	"Wolfgang Halbig, who has falsely accused the families of shooting victims in Newtown, Conn., of constructing an elaborate hoax, was charged with the unlawful possession of personal identification."
"As Virus Spreads, Anger Floods Chinese Social Media"	"The sheer volume of criticism of the government, and the sometimes clever ways that critics dodge censors, are testing Beijing’s ability to control the narrative."
What We Know About the Helicopter in Kobe Bryant’s Death	"The Sikorsky S-76B helicopter, a luxury model widely used for V.I.P. travel, was a favorite of Mr. Bryant, who often commuted by helicopter during his playing career."
Bernie Sanders and His Internet Army	"At the start of his 2020 bid, the Vermont senator told his supporters that he condemned bullying. Is it his problem if many don’t seem to listen?"
"Bolton Was Concerned That Trump Did Favors for Autocratic Leaders, Book Says"	"The former national security adviser shared his unease with the attorney general, who cited his own worries about the president’s conversations with the leaders of Turkey and China."
"Jason Polan, Fast-Drawing Artist of the Offbeat, Dies at 37"	His projects included a quixotic quest to sketch everyone in New York City.
"Prince Andrew Offers ‘Zero Cooperation’ in Epstein Case, Prosecutor Says"	"The British royal said he would help American officials investigating possible sex trafficking by Jeffrey Epstein’s associates, but so far he has ignored their requests."
"Flying Into Patchy Fog, Kobe Bryant’s Pilot Had a Decision to Make"	"The weather was good when the helicopter with nine passengers left Orange County. But as they flew north, it quickly grew worse."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Hong Kong Restricts Travel From Mainland China as Infections Exceed 4,500"	The number of known cases of the new virus increased by nearly 60 percent overnight. A shortage of test kits has led experts to warn that the real number may be higher.
Kobe Bryant and the Sexual Assault Case That Was Dropped but Not Forgotten	"A 2003 rape accusation changed how many saw the Lakers star, but it did not change the trajectory of his career."
We Made the Coronavirus Epidemic	"It may have started with a bat in a cave, but human activity set it loose."
Live Updates on Death of Kobe Bryant: All 9 Bodies Recovered From Crash	"Three of the bodies were recovered on Sunday afternoon, officials said, but it took another day to locate the remaining six."
"Bolton Revelations Anger Republicans, Fueling Push for Impeachment Witnesses"	The former national security adviser’s account threatened to derail Republican hopes of bringing President Trump’s impeachment trial to a quick close with his acquittal.
Trump’s N.J. Rally: Frigid Wait Is Worth It for President’s Fans	President Trump arrived Tuesday to hold a rally in the state — his first there since taking office — where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by a million voters.
The Method in John Bolton’s Madness	Why wait until now to release damning information about Trump? It’s complicated.
Pompeo Called Me a ‘Liar.’ That’s Not What Bothers Me.	"Journalists are supposed to ask tough questions, then share the answers — or lack thereof — with the world."
U.S. Accuses Harvard Scientist of Concealing Chinese Funding	"Prosecutors say Charles M. Lieber, the chair of Harvard’s chemistry department, lied about contacts with a Chinese state-run initiative that seeks to draw foreign-educated talent."
How People of Color Inside the Buttigieg Campaign Sought to Be Heard	"As the candidate courted nonwhite voters, employees of color were voicing their frustrations, according to interviews, documents and a recording. The campaign said it worked to foster a progressive workplace."
Trump Releases Mideast Peace Plan That Strongly Favors Israel	The plan would discard the longtime goal of granting the Palestinians a full-fledged state. President Trump called it “a win-win” for both sides; Palestinian leaders immediately rejected it.
Eminem Earns His 10th Straight No. 1 Album	"“Music to Be Murdered By,” another typically controversial album by the 47-year-old rapper, was a surprise release on Jan. 17."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Americans Evacuated from China, as Death Toll Rises"	"A plane carrying more than 200 American evacuees from the outbreak hot zone landed in Alaska, hours after Chinese officials confirmed nearly 6,000 cases of the mysterious illness."
A Young Fan’s Selfie Captured Kobe Bryant a Day Before Fatal Crash	"Coaches and players say Mr. Bryant, who had partnered with a sports academy, nurtured many young talents while leading his daughter Gianna’s team."
"An Adult’s Guide to Social Skills, for Those Who Were Never Taught"	"It’s a shame so few of us are taught the basics of how to interact constructively with each other. If you never were, we’re here to help."
How Do Bats Live With So Many Viruses?	They are considered the probable source of the coronavirus outbreak spreading from China. It turns out that they may have an immune system that lets them coexist with many disease-causing viruses.
Washington Post Says Reporter’s Kobe Bryant Tweets Did Not Break Rules	"After more than 300 Post employees rallied to her defense, the paper relented and allowed Felicia Sonmez to go back to work."
A Classic Midwestern Dish Becomes a Talking Point in Iowa	"Amy Klobuchar is deploying her Minnesota hot dish at voter house parties, but it may be a hard sell outside her home state."
How to Avoid the Coronavirus? Wash Your Hands	"I covered the SARS outbreak as a reporter in China, and I saw that common sense is the best defense against viral illness."
John Bolton Gets the Last Laugh	He’s the president’s bane and impeachment’s star.
Mother of ‘Success Kid’ Demands Steve King Stop Using His Meme	"She fears the copyrighted photo of her son, now 13, will become associated with the “bigotry” of Representative King, an Iowa Republican who used it in a campaign fund-raising ad."
Trump Just Signed the U.S.M.C.A. Here’s What’s in the New NAFTA.	A trade agreement with Mexico and Canada revises Mexico’s labor laws and encourages more auto production in North America.
Temperatures at a Florida-Size Glacier in Antarctica Alarm Scientists	Researchers in Antarctica found unusually warm water beneath a massive glacier that is already melting and contributing to sea level rise. 
"As Coronavirus Explodes in China, Countries Struggle to Control Its Spread"	"The time to prevent more epidemics is now, and countries are trying to seize the moment."
Trump’s Middle East Peace Plan Exposes the Ugly Truth	This isn’t a break with the status quo. It’s the natural culmination of decades of American policy.
"‘There Aren’t Enough Words to Describe Our Pain,’ Kobe Bryant’s Wife Says"	Vanessa Bryant spoke out for the first time while Los Angeles stands ready to accommodate thousands of mourners.
"You Remember Jessica Simpson, Right? Wrong"	"The singer and fashion mogul is ready to talk about sexual abuse, addiction, dating John Mayer and everything else."
Warren Buffett Will Sell His Newspaper Empire	"With a deal to sell Berkshire Hathaway’s newspapers to Lee Enterprises, the billionaire is giving up on the news business."
These Images Show the Sun’s Surface in Greater Detail Than Ever Before	A new telescope in Hawaii takes aim at our nearest star and its mysteries.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Death Toll Rises, as Foreigners are Evacuated"	"Hundreds of foreign citizens have or will be evacuated from the epicenter of a dangerous outbreak. Over 7,700 people have fallen ill, most of them in China."
"Coronavirus Spreads, and the World Pays for China’s Dictatorship"	Xi used his tight rule to control information rather than to stop an epidemic.
"Brexit Is Here, and It’s a Texas-Size Defeat for the E.U."	"The loss of such a rich, sizable, powerful member state will weaken the European Union’s momentum and its diplomatic weight."
"Republicans Move to Block Impeachment Witnesses, Driving Toward Acquittal"	Efforts to bring wavering Republicans into line appeared to be working as President Trump’s lawyers argued that anything a president did to win re-election was “in the public interest.”
W.H.O. Declares Global Emergency as Wuhan Coronavirus Spreads	"The announcement came as nearly 8,000 cases have been reported worldwide, almost all of them in mainland China."
Mask Hoarders May Raise Risk of a Coronavirus Outbreak in the U.S.	"Stores are selling out of masks, and health care workers risk infection if they cannot get the protective gear."
Trump Administration Moves to Relax Rules Against Killing Birds	A proposed regulation would codify a legal opinion in 2017 that declared the accidental killing of birds during the course of business as no longer subject to punishment.
"To Understand the Wuhan Coronavirus, Look to the Epidemic Triangle"	We must determine whether the outbreak will turn into a global epidemic.
"Bernie Sanders, and How Indian Food Can Predict Vote Choice"	Seemingly nonpolitical topics can shed light on political preferences.
"As Coronavirus Spreads, So Does Anti-Chinese Sentiment"	"Fears of the outbreak have fueled xenophobia as a wave of panic spreads, sometimes outstripping practical concerns."
They Wanted a Multigenerational Home in Brooklyn. Which Apartment Did They Choose?	"With a baby and two grandparents in the mix, a couple look for a place that can accommodate everyone. Here’s where they landed."
Helicopter in Kobe Bryant Crash Wasn’t Legal to Fly in Poor Visibility	The pilot who flew Mr. Bryant and seven others through deteriorating weather was certified to fly under instrument conditions. But the company he worked for was not.
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Issues ‘Red Alert’ After Week of Skyrocketing Infections	"The United States issued a Level 4 warning, its highest, urging Americans to avoid travel to China. Officials said the number of new cases had risen tenfold in the past week."
"‘Miss Americana’ Review: Taylor Swift, Scathingly Alone"	"Self-critical, grown up and ready, perhaps, to deliver a message beyond the music."
Did I Just Get Yanged?	Andrew Yang is showing what healthy populism looks like.
How Chaos at Chain Pharmacies Is Putting Patients at Risk	"Pharmacists across the U.S. warn that the push to do more with less has made medication errors more likely. “I am a danger to the public,” one wrote to a regulator."
"Trump Told Bolton to Help His Ukraine Pressure Campaign, Book Says"	The president asked his national security adviser last spring in front of other senior advisers to pave the way for a meeting between Rudolph Giuliani and Ukraine’s new leader.
Brad Pitt and the Beauty Trap	"Male stars face a double standard, too, and ever since he bared his chest in “Thelma & Louise,” his work has been undervalued. But look closer and he explores masculinity in complex ways."
Trump Administration Adds Six More Countries to Travel Ban	"President Trump adds Africa’s biggest country, Nigeria, as well as Myanmar, Eritrea, Kyrgyzstan, Sudan and Tanzania, to his restricted travel list."
"Leila Janah, Entrepreneur Who Hired the Poor, Dies at 37"	"A child of Indian immigrants, she created digital jobs that pay a living wage to thousands in Africa and India, believing that the intellect of the poor was “the biggest untapped resource” in the world."
How Democrats and Republicans Voted on Witnesses in the Trump Impeachment Trial	See how each senator voted on whether to consider new evidence in the impeachment trial of President Trump.
195 Quarantined in California After Fleeing Coronavirus Epicenter	"The U.S. government took the rare step with American evacuees flown home from Wuhan, China, and said it would quarantine others returning from recent travel in the region."
Teens Find a Big Loophole in the New Flavored Vaping Ban	"The policy allows mint, dessert and fruit flavors to continue to be sold in disposable e-cigarettes, prompting many teens to switch from Juul to those devices."
I Am 35 and Running Faster Than I Ever Thought Possible	My quest to qualify for the Olympic marathon team trials.
What Does It Mean to Have a Serious Drinking Problem?	"Alcohol was my stress reducer, my reality fighter, the conferrer of artificial joys. It was also wreaking havoc on my life."
"U.K. Leaves E.U., Embarking On an Uncertain Future"	"Britain formally withdrew from the European Union at 11 p.m. on Friday, after nearly half a century of membership."
¿Cómo viven con tantos virus los murciélagos?	Son la fuente probable del brote de coronavirus surgido en China. Resulta que tal vez su sistema inmunitario les permite coexistir con muchos virus causantes de enfermedades.
"News Quiz: Kobe Bryant, Middle East Peace Plan, Grammy Awards"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. and Australia Tighten Controls as Toll Passes 250	Australia joined the Trump administration in temporarily barring foreigners who have recently visited China.
George Soros: Mark Zuckerberg Should Not Be in Control of Facebook	The social media company is going to get Trump re-elected — because it’s good for business.
Hillary Clinton Slams Bernie Sanders for Not Working to Unite Democrats in 2016	"In a podcast interview on Friday, Mrs. Clinton also described the caucuses in Iowa, where Mr. Sanders leads in some polls, as “undemocratic.”"
A Dishonorable Senate	Republican legislators abdicated their duty by refusing to seek the truth.
U.S. Strikes at Leader of Qaeda in Yemen	"American officials believe they may have killed the terrorist leader, Qassim al-Rimi, but have not confirmed his death."
‘Angels’ in Hell: The Culture of Misogyny Inside Victoria’s Secret	A Times investigation found widespread bullying and harassment of employees and models. The company expresses “regret.”
Former Actress Testifies in Graphic Detail How Weinstein Raped Her	Jessica Mann told a jury that Harvey Weinstein blocked her from leaving a room and forced her to undress: “I was very angry inside and very scared.”
"Coronavirus: New York City Eyes First Suspected Case, Officials Say"	"A sample was being sent to the federal authorities for confirmation, the city Health Department said."
"Trump, Unrepentant and Unleashed"	"The diabolical duo of Donald and Mitch, serving their own interests, not the national one."
Jay-Z Takes on the Super Bowl	"Why are Roc Nation and the N.F.L. doing business this Super Bowl weekend? Well, social justice is expensive."
A Cancer Patient Stole Groceries Worth $109.63. She Was Sentenced to 10 Months.	"The lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania, John Fetterman, said the punishment was overly harsh and offered to personally repay the grocery store."
Venezuela’s Capital Is Booming. Is This the End of the Revolution?	"American sanctions, intended to oust an authoritarian president, forced changes that have eased tensions and improved life — for some. Others see a more unequal country that has turned away from its socialist-inspired revolution."
"As New Coronavirus Spread, China’s Old Habits Delayed Fight"	"At critical turning points, Chinese authorities put secrecy and order ahead of openly confronting the growing crisis and risking public alarm or political embarrassment."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Death in Philippines Is the First Outside China	"As the overall death toll passed 300, health workers in Hong Kong threatened to strike if the territory’s government did not completely close the border with mainland China."
Berlin Freezes Rents for 5 Years in a Bid to Slow Gentrification	"The move, in a capital once known for its artists and its party scene, aims to reverse a trend that is driving out older and lower-income residents."
She Helped a Customer in Need. Then U.S. Bank Fired Her.	This from a company that says employees should “do the right thing.”
"While Stained in History, Trump Will Emerge From Trial Triumphant and Unshackled"	"His acquittal in the Senate assured, the emboldened president will take his victory and grievance to the campaign trail, no longer worried about congressional constraint."
"Wuhan Coronavirus Looks Increasingly Like a Pandemic, Experts Say"	"Rapidly rising caseloads alarm researchers, who fear the virus may make its way across the globe. But scientists cannot yet predict how many deaths may result."
The Only Way to Remove Trump	"To eject the president, you need to beat him."
Des Moines Register Poll of Iowa Caucusgoers Abruptly Shelved	The release of the highly anticipated survey was canceled after Pete Buttigieg’s campaign raised concerns that he was not included in at least one phone call.
How the Chiefs Beat the 49ers to Win the Super Bowl	Patrick Mahomes led the Chiefs to three fourth-quarter touchdowns as Kansas City won its first Super Bowl title in 50 years.
"How to Watch Super Bowl 2020: Kickoff Time, Halftime and More"	The San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs are ready to battle for N.F.L. supremacy in a matchup worthy of the spectacle attached to it.
"Coronavirus Pummels Wuhan, a City Short of Supplies and Overwhelmed"	"It is nearly impossible to get the care they need to treat, or even diagnose, the coronavirus, say residents at the crisis’ center."
Jennifer Lopez and Shakira Restore Sparkle to Super Bowl Halftime	"The two headliners performed sets heavy on dancing, spectacle and Latin pride on Sunday."
Quieter Response to Coronavirus in Countries Where China Holds Sway	Top officials in Southeast Asia have played down the threat of the virus and shied away from travel bans. Some have even pushed supposed remedies not supported by science.
"Trump Mistakenly Congratulates Kansas City, Kan., on Its Super Bowl Win"	"The Kansas City Chiefs play in Missouri, a fact that people on Twitter didn’t hesitate to point out."
Coronavirus Live Updates: China Death Toll Is Greater Than in SARS Outbreak	Stocks dropped sharply in China as investors returned from a holiday to the prospect of the world’s No. 2 economy virtually shut down by the coronavirus epidemic.
The Simple Reason Trump Does What He Does	Because he can.
China Pledged to Build a New Hospital in 10 Days. It’s Close.	"State news outlets reported that the 1,000-bed facility would accept patients from Monday even as construction workers raced to complete it."
Live Updates Ahead of the 2020 Iowa Caucuses	Seven Democratic candidates are mounting competitive efforts in the state. The Times is providing up-to-date results and live political analysis.
Coronavirus in New York: 2 More Possible Cases in City Are Identified	There are now three suspected cases in the city. The patients had recently been to China and came down with flulike symptoms.
"New U.S. Travel Ban Shuts Door on Africa’s Biggest Economy, Nigeria"	"The visa rules will affect nearly a quarter of the people on the African continent, including many hoping to join loved ones already in the U.S."
SARS Stung the Global Economy. The Coronavirus Is a Greater Menace.	"In the nearly 20 years since SARS, China’s importance in the global economy has grown exponentially."
Who’s Afraid of Gwyneth Paltrow and Goop?	The long history of hating on “woo.”
J. Lo and the Power of 50	"At the Super Bowl, she proved “dress your age” has no meaning any more."
Turkey Launches Deadly Airstrikes Against Syrian Forces	"President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that as many as 35 Syrian government troops had been killed, and he warned Russia against trying to prevent his country’s actions."
Kansas City Confusion: We’re Not in Kansas Anymore. Or Are We?	"Two cities, two states, one name, separated by a Patrick Mahomes shovel pass. The story behind President Trump and the confusion over Kansas City."
I Performed at the Super Bowl. You Might Have Missed Me.	It was an act of both patriotism and protest. And it brought both joy and frustration.
"China, Desperate to Stop Coronavirus, Turns Neighbor Against Neighbor"	"The authorities hunt for people from Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, encouraging citizens to inform on others. Even those without symptoms are being ostracized."
Beijing Sees ‘Major Test’ as Doors to China Close and Coronavirus Deaths Surpass SARS	"The number of dead is likely to grow as the tally of confirmed infections surges by more than 2,000 every day. “There’s no sign that it’s getting better,” said a health expert."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Xi Urges Tougher Response to the Crisis	"China’s leader called the outbreak “a major test of China’s system.” Macau said it was closing its casinos, and Hong Kong reported its first death from the virus."
‘A Systemwide Disaster’: How the Iowa Caucuses Melted Down	"Unexplained “inconsistencies” in results, heated conference calls and firm denials of hacking left the contest in a strange state of almost suspended animation."
I Feel Personally Judged by J. Lo’s Body	Are we really supposed to look this good at 50 now?
Iowa Results: What We Know So Far	The Democratic presidential candidates sought to turn the chaos to their own advantage as they focused their attention on the New Hampshire primary.
App Used to Tabulate Votes Is Said to Have Been Inadequately Tested	"The app was quickly put together in the past two months and was not properly tested at a statewide scale, according to people briefed on the matter."
The Joy of Cooking Naked	"Despite the occasional splatter burn, nudists say their relationship to eating, at home or in restaurants, is better and healthier without all the clothing."
The Money Behind Trump’s Money	"The inside story of the president and Deutsche Bank, his lender of last resort."
Bloomberg Plans to Double Ad Spending After Iowa Caucus Problem	"Encouraged by the murky results in Iowa, Mr. Bloomberg is also expanding his field staff as he tries to win the Democratic primary by ignoring the first four states. “Those are old rules,” he said."
Trump and Pelosi Exchange Snubs at the State of the Union Address	He declined to shake her outstretched hand. She omitted his ceremonial introduction and ripped up her copy of his speech.
"Susan Collins Announces She Will Vote to Acquit Trump, Calling Conduct ‘Wrong’"	The Maine senator became the latest Republican to condemn President Trump’s conduct but argue it did not warrant his removal.
State of the Union Updates: Trump Adds Reality Show Flourishes to Address	"On the eve of the final Senate votes in the impeachment trial, President Trump traded snubs with Speaker Nancy Pelosi and promoted a ‘Great American Comeback,’ pausing to award Rush Limbaugh the Presidential Medal of Freedom."
What to Expect Ahead of Trump’s State of the Union Address	President Trump will speak in front of a joint session of Congress the day before the Senate is expected to acquit him in the impeachment trial.
Tesla’s Stock Is Up 36% in Two Days. What’s Going On?	Traders who bet against Tesla’s success could be the ones now pushing the share price higher.
Coronavirus Live Updates: China Death Toll Rises and Cruise Ships Come Under Scrutiny	"President Trump has pledged to work with China on the outbreak, while Americans have undertaken a second Wuhan evacuation."
Jeffrey Epstein’s Mystery Bank Came Alive After His Death	Southern Country International received millions of dollars from Mr. Epstein’s estate in December.
Why I’m Voting to Acquit President Trump	Impeachment will end in the Senate. It’s time to take up consensus issues.
"Impeachment Live Updates: Senate Acquits Trump, Ending Historic Trial"	"President Trump was cleared of both impeachment charges. Only Mitt Romney crossed party lines, the lone Republican who voted to convict and remove the president from office."
Impeachment Trial: What to Watch Before the Final Votes	"The Republican-controlled Senate is expected to acquit President Trump on both charges, drawing a fractious impeachment trial to a close."
Trump Impeachment Results: How Democrats and Republicans Voted	See how each senator will vote on whether to convict and remove President Trump from office.
"In Private, Republicans Admit They Acquitted Trump Out of Fear"	"One journalist remarked to me, “How in the world can these senators walk around here upright when they have no backbone?”"
Surprise for New York Renters: No More Broker Fees	"Regulators unexpectedly banned broker fees for renters, which in the city have long amounted to as much as 15 percent of the annual lease."
"An Oklahoma Man Lost His Son. A Day Later, He Drove Onto a Crowded Sidewalk."	"High school cross-country runners were starting their afternoon run on Monday when a pickup truck plowed into them, killing two students."
Spotify Is Buying The Ringer	"The music streaming giant wants more general audio content, and the website started by Bill Simmons has more than 30 podcasts."
This Professor’s ‘Amazing’ Trick Makes Quadratic Equations Easier	Looking for the answers to ax² + bx + c = 0? A mathematician has rediscovered a technique that the ancient Babylonians used.
What Went Wrong for Joe Biden in Iowa	His placement behind his leading rivals in the caucuses on Monday dealt a damaging blow to his campaign. Some party officials say it was a long time in the works.
Six Takeaways From Trump’s State of the Union Address	President Trump framed his third year in office as an unmistakable success and his fourth as more of the same. But one word was left out of his speech: “impeachment.”
Trump Acquitted of Two Impeachment Charges in Near Party-Line Vote	"As Republicans rallied behind President Trump, Senator Mitt Romney of Utah, the party’s 2012 presidential nominee, joined Democrats in voting to convict, the only senator to cross party lines."
"As White House Calls Pelosi’s Speech-Ripping a ‘Tantrum,’ She Feels ‘Liberated’"	"Hours ahead of his expected acquittal in the Senate impeachment trial, President Trump attacked Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Twitter."
Trapped on a Cruise Ship by the Coronavirus: When Is Breakfast?	A two-week quarantine has left Masako Ishida and hundreds of others dealing with inconveniences and trying to figure out how to pass the time.
"Dear Oscars, I Love You. But We Need to Talk."	"The Academy Awards have made mistakes before, our critic writes. But this year’s crop of best-picture nominees may be the breaking point."
Why the New Coronavirus (Mostly) Spares Children	"So far, very few young children seem to be falling ill. The pattern was seen in outbreaks of SARS and MERS, too."
"Even Without Symptoms, Wuhan Coronavirus May Spread, Experts Fear"	A report purporting to describe asymptomatic transmission in Germany has come under fire. But many experts still believe it’s happening.
Coronavirus Live Updates: China’s Death Toll Soars as Wuhan Plans Roundup of Infected	The rise in the death toll and number of new cases came as Chinese leaders told Wuhan to set up mass quarantine centers for people with the coronavirus.
"Kirk Douglas, a Star of Hollywood’s Golden Age, Dies at 103"	"His rugged good looks and muscular intensity made him a commanding presence in films like “Lust for Life,” “Spartacus” and “Paths of Glory.”"
Draft Executive Order Would Give Trump a New Target: Modern Design	"The proposed order, called “Making Federal Buildings Beautiful Again,” favors classical design for buildings in Washington. It has drawn opposition from architects."
Iowa Caucus Results Riddled With Errors and Inconsistencies	"The mistakes do not appear intentional, but they raise questions about whether there will ever be a completely precise accounting."
What Will Finally Defeat Donald Trump?	"He can do whatever it takes to win re-election, and the Republican Party will have his back."
"A Kobe Bryant Joke Goes Wrong, Revealing Comedy’s Troll Side"	"Comedians have always been tempted to make fun of tragedies, but a new controversy exposes how dark humor has evolved and expanded."
"Chinese Doctor, Silenced After Warning of Outbreak, Dies From Coronavirus"	Dr. Li Wenliang issued a warning about a strange new virus. Then the authorities summoned him for questioning.
They Acquitted Trump. Make Them Pay!	There’s a way to make Senate Republicans regret their sins.
Investigations Into 2020 Candidates Must Be Cleared by Top Justice Dept. Officials	The move is intended to help avoid upending the election as the F.B.I. inadvertently did in 2016 when its campaign inquiries shaped the outcome of the race.
Trump Administration Freezes Global Entry Enrollment in New York Over Immigration Law	The move escalates a clash between the administration and the state over a law that allows undocumented immigrants to obtain driver’s licenses.
Trump Hails Acquittal and Lashes Out at His ‘Evil’ and ‘Corrupt’ Opponents	"As President Trump renewed his attacks on Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Democrats, his press secretary threatened payback against them."
China Tightens Wuhan Lockdown in ‘Wartime’ Battle With Coronavirus	"With infections doubling every four days and more than 600 deaths, China intensified its response in Wuhan, with house-to-house temperature checks and mass confinements at quarantine centers."
‘I Keep Hearing Painful Coughs’: Life on Quarantined Cruise Ship	More than 60 cases of the new coronavirus were found on the Diamond Princess ship as Japanese health officials screened the passengers. They even let people outside for a bit.
"Romney, Defying the Party He Once Personified, Votes to Convict Trump"	Senator Mitt Romney grew emotional as he pronounced the president “guilty of an appalling abuse of public trust.” The recriminations from fellow Republicans were immediate.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Praises China’s Response to Outbreak as Death Toll Passes 600	"After speaking by telephone with China’s leader, Xi Jinping, President Trump said on Twitter that “he will be successful.”"
"Tonight’s Democratic Debate: Familiar Faces, New Dynamics"	"Despite messy results, the Iowa caucuses scrambled the 2020 campaign, with Pete Buttigieg and Bernie Sanders pulling ahead and Joe Biden trailing in fourth place. How will this outcome affect the dynamics on today’s debate stage?"
Widespread Outcry in China Over Death of Coronavirus Doctor	"The doctor, Li Wenliang, had been silenced by the police after warning about the new coronavirus that has killed hundreds in China and sickened thousands."
The Woman Defending Harvey Weinstein	"One of the reporters who broke the story of Harvey Weinstein’s alleged abuse speaks with Donna Rotunno, the lawyer behind Mr. Weinstein’s legal strategy."
"In Another Trump Win, Court Tosses Democrats' Suit Over His Businesses"	"A federal appeals court on Friday threw out a lawsuit brought by Democratic lawmakers that accused Donald Trump of violating anti-corruption provisions in the U.S. Constitution with his business dealings, capping a week of political victories for the Republican president."
Impeachment Witness Alexander Vindman Fired From the White House	"Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, whose testimony in the House inquiry infuriated President Trump and his allies, will be reassigned within the military, officials said. “I’m not happy with him,” Trump said. Colonel Vindman’s brother was fired too."
"The Dog Park Is Bad, Actually"	"Dog parks may seem like great additions to the community, but they’re rife with problems — for you, and for your dog. Here’s what to know before you go."
I Don’t Want to Be the Strong Female Lead	"In pop culture, women are often objectified and disposed of. But even when we’re not being victimized, the alternative leaves much to be desired."
Trump Fires Impeachment Witnesses Gordon Sondland and Alexander Vindman in Post-Acquittal Purge	"Emboldened by his victory and determined to strike back, the president removed Mr. Sondland as ambassador to the European Union after the White House earlier on Friday dismissed Colonel Vindman."
Highlights From the Democratic Debate in New Hampshire	Seven Democratic presidential candidates faced off onstage four days before the New Hampshire primary.
How Trump Wins Again	Are Democrats going to give this election away?
"Chinese Doctor, Silenced After Warning of Outbreak, Dies From Coronavirus"	Dr. Li Wenliang issued a warning about a strange new virus. Then the authorities summoned him for questioning.
New Report on 138 Coronavirus Cases Reveals Disturbing Details	"A highly contagious patient, virus transmission inside a hospital and unexpected turns for the worse have emerged as part of the epidemic in China."
Former Pimco C.E.O. Gets 9 Months in Prison in College Admissions Case	"Most parents were accused of crimes to get one child, maybe two, into an elite college. Douglas Hodge, the former chief of Pimco, paid bribes for at least four children, prosecutors say."
What It Was Like to Work for Andrew Yang	"He has called his campaign “the journey of my life.” But what got lost in the novelty of his bid, former employees say, was scrutiny of his life before this particular journey."
"News Quiz: Iowa Caucuses, Impeachment Trial, Coronavirus"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
"Coronavirus Live Updates: An American Dies of the Virus in Wuhan, China"	It appeared to be the first death of a United States citizen from the coronavirus.
Rush Limbaugh in His Own Words	A collection of comments from the latest recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Love in the Time of Low Expectations	"“Never count on a man,” her father had told her. “They will always let you down.” So she didn’t, and they still did."
The Don Strikes Back	An enraged and ebullient Trump ups the body count.
"‘Helicopter Went Down, Flames Seen’: Kobe Bryant’s Last Flight"	Eight passengers and a pilot were on the S-76B helicopter that crashed on a foggy hillside in the Santa Monica Mountains. This is the story of what happened.
Republican Senators Tried to Stop Trump From Firing Impeachment Witness	"A handful of senators reached out to the White House to warn the president not to dismiss Gordon D. Sondland, the ambassador to the European Union who testified in the House hearings. But Mr. Trump went ahead anyway."
"First American Dies of Coronavirus, Raising Questions About U.S. Response"	The United States has no plans to conduct additional evacuations from China though some Americans are asking for help.
Soldier Kills 26 in Thailand Shooting Spree and Dies in Standoff	"The soldier shot a superior officer at a military base, then went on a shooting rampage at a mall before he died in the standoff with soldiers and the police, officials said."
Where’s Xi? China’s Leader Commands Coronavirus Fight From Safe Heights	"Xi Jinping has backed out of the spotlight as the country faces its worst crisis in years, reflecting the political risks he faces if efforts to contain the virus fail."
‘Angels’ in Hell: The Culture of Misogyny Inside Victoria’s Secret	A Times investigation found widespread bullying and harassment of employees and models. The company expresses “regret.”
"Coronavirus Live Updates: More Than 800 Have Died in China, Surpassing Toll From SARS"	"The SARS epidemic of 2002-3, which also began in China, killed 774 people worldwide."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
Pelosi Clashes With Facebook and Twitter Over Video Posted by Trump	The video was edited to appear as if Speaker Nancy Pelosi were ripping a copy of President Trump’s State of the Union address while he honored a Tuskegee airman and military families.
"Oscars 2020 Predictions: Who Will Win Best Picture, Actor and Actress"	Our expert has been closely tracking the awards races all season. Here are the movies and stars he expects to win.
Oscars 2020 Live: ‘Parasite’ Wins Best Director and Best International Feature	"‘Parasite’ also won best original screenplay, while Joaquin Phoenix, Brad Pitt and Laura Dern picked up their first acting awards."
The Age of Decadence	Cut the drama. The real story of the West in the 21st century is one of stalemate and stagnation.
2020 Oscar Winners: The Complete List	Here are the winners of the 92nd Academy Awards.
What Happens When QAnon Seeps From the Web to the Offline World	"It began online as an intricate, if baseless, pro-Trump conspiracy theory. Now it has surfaced in political campaigns, criminal cases and a college classroom."
Her Grandmother Got the Coronavirus. Then So Did the Whole Family.	"“What kind of government is this?’ asks a family of three generations sickened by the new virus and desperate for care in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the center of the outbreak."
"As Virus Cases Rise on Quarantined Cruise Ship, Passengers Are on Edge"	"Thousands are confined to their cabins on the Diamond Princess, docked in Japan, and some fear the quarantine is putting them at risk."
Iowa Democrats Give Buttigieg the Most Delegates as Sanders Team Seeks Recanvass	"Errors in the results have led The Times and others to refrain from calling the race, and the Sanders campaign manager said a partial recanvass of precincts could change the outcome."
How Not to Get Sick While Traveling	Do masks work? It depends. Health professionals offer some tips on how to stay healthy while on the move.
Coronavirus Updates: Cases on Cruise Ship Double; 97 Die in One Day in China	"One day after deaths from the mysterious new coronavirus exceeded the death toll from SARS, the authorities announced a chilling new statistic, a record number of deaths in a single day."
How the Iowa Caucuses Became an Epic Fiasco for Democrats	The problems that beset the Democratic Party’s first state caucus of the presidential race ran far deeper and wider than one bad app.
"Philippines Moves to Shut ABS-CBN, Its Leading Broadcast Network"	It’s the latest push by the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte against media outlets he views as critical of his government.
The Best and Worst Moments of the 2020 Oscars	All hail Bong Joon Ho — and Billie Eilish’s puzzled reactions and Janelle Monáe’s red-carpet stunner. Here’s what we were talking about after the ceremony.
A Driverless Oscars Takes a Winding Road	"Without a host for a second year, the ceremony offered a grab bag of emotional moments and head-scratching choices."
"‘Parasite’ Earns Best-Picture Oscar, First for a Movie Not in English"	The South Korean thriller made history at this year’s Academy Awards.
The Question All Democrats Need to Ask Themselves	"If your preferred candidate doesn’t win the nomination, will you still do everything you can to deny Trump a second term?"
Cruise Ship’s Coronavirus Outbreak Leaves Crew Nowhere to Hide	"Cases of the new virus on the quarantined Diamond Princess reached 135 Monday, including 20 Americans. Conditions below decks could risk further spread."
Trump’s $4.8 Trillion Budget Would Cut Safety Net Programs and Boost Defense	"The budget, while largely a messaging document, reflects the administration’s spending priorities’ stark contrast with the president’s Democratic rivals."
Pangolins Are Suspected as a Potential Coronavirus Host	"The world’s most trafficked mammal may be involved in the Wuhan outbreak, but the evidence is far from clear."
Lessons That Go Beyond the Coronavirus Outbreak	"There are more useful things to do than worry. For one thing, you could wash your hands. (And did you get your flu shot?)"
Mitt Romney Is a ‘Judas’ to Many Republicans. But Not in Utah.	"Some conservatives want to recall him and others want to censure him. In the state he represents, though, many view speaking out against President Trump as an act to admire, not an apostasy."
‘Like Europe in Medieval Times’: Virus Slows China’s Economy	"Workers can’t return to their jobs as supply lines get snarled, extending the forced holiday and fracturing the country."
‘Birds of Prey’ Stumbles at the Box Office	"The DC Comics spinoff led ticket sales this weekend, but its estimated $33.3 million debut is disappointing."
Coronavirus Updates: Virus Is Said to Spread Through Apartment Building’s Pipes	"Dozens of people were quarantined at a Hong Kong housing complex after the virus appeared to spread through the building’s pipes. The number of total cases in China topped 42,000."
U.K. Declares Coronavirus ‘Imminent Threat’ as Europe Scrambles	The declaration lets English public health officials isolate individuals who may have contracted the virus. It came as the number of cases in the country rose to eight on Monday.
The Urgent Questions Scientists Are Asking About Coronavirus	Let’s start with what we don’t know.
A Kayaker and a 134-Foot Waterfall. What Could Go Wrong?	The first — and maybe the last — descent of Salto del Maule. A national kayaking champion dreamed of being the first person to run a 134-foot waterfall in the mountains of Chile.
Sarah Lawrence Parent Accused of Sex Trafficking and Abusing Students	Lawrence Ray was charged with moving into his daughter’s dormitory and targeting her friends for exploitation.
Prosecutors Quit Roger Stone Case After Justice Dept. Intervenes on Sentencing	President Trump had complained that the recommendation of seven to nine years in prison for his former adviser and longtime friend was a “miscarriage of justice.”
A Pedophile Writer Is on Trial. So Are the French Elites.	"For decades, Gabriel Matzneff wrote openly of his pedophilia, protected by powerful people in publishing, journalism, politics and business. Now cast out, he attacks their “cowardice” in a rare interview."
Indonesia Has No Reported Coronavirus Cases. Is That the Whole Picture?	"Experts find it astonishing that Indonesia has yet to announce a case despite hosting some 5,000 Chinese tourists a day in Bali before halting flights last week."
"‘Parasite’ Won, but Asian-Americans Are Still Losing"	The victory for Bong Joon Ho’s film at the Oscars has nothing to do with representation of people like me.
What a Trump Rally Looks Like From the Inside	"The president was in New Hampshire too, and so were his admirers."
Some Experts Worry as a Germ-Phobic Trump Confronts a Growing Epidemic	"When President Barack Obama contended with an Ebola outbreak, Mr. Trump demanded measures like canceling flights, forcing quarantines and even denying the return of American medical workers."
T-Mobile and Sprint Are Cleared to Merge as the Big Get Bigger	"In a wave of merger mania, the nation’s third- and fourth-largest wireless carriers moved closer to becoming a significant rival to AT&T and Verizon."
Can the King of Ultrarunning Conquer a Race as Short as the Marathon?	Jim Walmsley has smashed records at 50 and 100 miles. Now he hopes to make the Olympics in a distance he’s never run: 26.2 miles.
Andrew Yang Ends Campaign: ‘It’s Clear From the Numbers We’re Not Going to Win’	"Mr. Yang, an entrepreneur with no previous political experience, mounted a long-shot presidential campaign that promoted a universal basic income and persisted well beyond expectations."
Bernie Sanders Wins New Hampshire Primary: Live Updates	"The victory solidifies his place as a formidable contender to win the Democratic presidential nomination. Pete Buttigieg was set to finish second, and Amy Klobuchar third."
I Quit Dating Entirely	"Mae-sa Dixon, 35, swore off sex seven years ago. She says she’s never been happier."
"Coronavirus Updates: Dangerous Disease Now Called COVID-19; Death Toll Exceeds 1,100"	The death toll from the coronavirus reached a new high on Wednesday even as Chinese officials said the infection rate showed signs of slowing.
Paging Michael Bloomberg	Democrats need to nominate the right person to prevent Trump from winning a second term.
Un écrivain pédophile — et l’élite française — sur le banc des accusés	"Gabriel Matzneff écrit ouvertement sur sa pédophilie depuis des décennies, protégé par des personnalités influentes des médias, de l’édition, du monde politique et du milieu des affaires. Désormais ostracisé, il attaque leur « lâcheté » dans un entretien rare."
Siba the Standard Poodle Wins Westminster Dog Show	"On a night when a golden retriever won the crowd, a standard poodle with a taste for chicken took home the top prize."
You’re Not Listening. Here’s Why.	There’s an unconscious tendency to tune out people you feel close to because you think you already know what they are going to say.
Bernie Sanders Scores Narrow Victory in New Hampshire Primary	"The Vermont senator tightened his grip on the Democratic Party’s liberal wing, benefiting from a field that has divided moderate voters."
Trump’s War Against ‘the Deep State’ Enters a New Stage	The suggestion that Lt. Col. Alexander S. Vindman should now face punishment by the Pentagon was one sign of how determined the president is to even the scales after his impeachment.
Coronavirus Cases Seemed to Be Leveling Off. Not Anymore.	"On Thursday, health officials in China reported more than 14,000 new cases in Hubei Province alone. A change in diagnostic criteria may be the reason."
The Chaos at Condé Nast	The memoirs of Dan Peres and other ex-employees of the magazine company reveal mess behind the gloss of the aughts.
How Amy Klobuchar Pulled Off the Big Surprise of the New Hampshire Primary	"After a disappointing fifth-place finish in the Iowa caucuses, the Minnesota senator made a series of bets in the Granite State."
Trump Praises Barr for Rejecting Punishment Recommended for Stone	The president dismissed criticism that the Justice Department had acted inappropriately in overruling the recommendation of its own prosecutors in the case of his longtime friend.
How Many Coronavirus Cases in China? Officials Tweak the Answer	China’s health authorities have decided to no longer count as confirmed cases those patients who test positive but don’t show symptoms. Skepticism was immediate.
Pope Francis Sets Aside Proposal on Married Priests	"The decision, in a letter on Catholic life in remote Amazon areas, is a victory for conservative forces who had warned that change there would put the church on a slippery slope."
"Huge Shelters for Coronavirus Patients Pose New Risks, Experts Fear"	"It’s not clear how patients are screened or treated in China’s makeshift wards, nor even how long they are to remain."
The Iranian Missile Strike Did Far More Damage Than Trump Admits	Hundreds of our troops suffered brain trauma. We need to reconsider the costs of military interventions.
"Daniel, the Golden Retriever Snubbed at Westminster, Is Doing Just Fine"	The internet has called for justice after a standard poodle took top honors over Daniel at the 144th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. We checked in to see how he’s handling defeat.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Infections Skyrocket to Nearly 50,000 in Hubei Province"	"The number of deaths in Hubei Province more than doubled the prior daily record, while the number of new cases soared by 14,840 to a total of 48,206 cases."
"Coronavirus Test Kits Sent to States Are Flawed, C.D.C. Says"	"Some tests distributed by the agency deliver “inconclusive” readings. The C.D.C. will need to ship new ingredients, further delaying results."
Why the New Coronavirus (Mostly) Spares Children	"So far, very few young children seem to be falling ill. The pattern was seen in outbreaks of SARS and MERS, too."
Michael Bloomberg’s Campaign Suddenly Drops Memes Everywhere	"A campaign of sponsored content for the candidate flourished suddenly on Instagram. A new outfit, called Meme 2020, is behind it."
Hope Hicks to Return to the White House After a Nearly Two-Year Absence	"President Trump’s former communications director will return as an aide to Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser."
"In Bipartisan Bid to Restrain Trump, Senate Passes Iran War Powers Resolution"	"Some Republicans crossed party lines to join Democrats in voting to curtail President Trump’s ability to wage war with Iran, weeks after a drone strike killed a top Iranian general."
"After Trump’s Attacks on Justice Dept., Barr Says He Will Not ‘Be Bullied’"	The attorney general said that the president’s attacks on prosecutors’ handling of his friend Roger Stone’s sentencing undermine the legal system and the Justice Department.
A (Former) Night Owl’s Guide to Becoming a Morning Person	"I love staying up late, but I hate struggling through the mornings. Here’s how I adapted, and how you can, too."
The Original Renegade	A 14-year-old in Atlanta created one of the biggest dances on the internet. But nobody really knows that.
The Notorious Michael R. Bloomberg	His racist stop-and-frisk policy as New York mayor can’t be forgotten.
"In Coronavirus, $45-Billion Cruise Industry Faces a Big Challenge"	"Cruise companies have been reluctant to release data on bookings, but some travel advisers say they are off by as much as 15 percent."
Centrist Democrats Want to Stop Sanders. They’re Not Sure Who Can.	"Unless a moderate favorite soon emerges, party leaders may increasingly look to Michael R. Bloomberg as a potential savior."
"After Stone Case, Prosecutors Say They Fear Pressure From Trump"	The episode also brought to a head tensions in the U.S. attorney’s office in Washington.
How to Make Your Marriage Gayer	Same-sex spouses feel more satisfied with their partners than heterosexual ones. What’s the secret?
Playing on Kansas City Radio: Russian Propaganda	"Radio Sputnik, a propaganda arm of the Russian government, began broadcasting on three Kansas City-area radio stations during prime drive time."
Bernie Sanders Isn’t a Socialist	But he plays one on TV. That’s a problem.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: China Says 1,700 Medical Workers Have Been Infected"	"Six of the workers have died, the government said on Friday. It was the first time officials have disclosed the number."
They Documented the Coronavirus Crisis in Wuhan. Then They Vanished.	"Two video bloggers whose dispatches from the heart of the outbreak showed fear, grief and dissatisfaction with the government have gone silent."
California Takes Revenge on Trump	People leaving the Golden State are changing the political makeup of the states they move to.
"Barr Installs Outside Prosecutor to Review Case Against Michael Flynn, Ex-Trump Adviser"	"Amid turmoil in the U.S. attorney’s office in Washington, the attorney general has also sent outside prosecutors to review other politically sensitive cases."
Border Patrol Will Deploy Elite Tactical Agents to Sanctuary Cities	Agents from a special tactical team that normally confronts smugglers on the border are being sent to sanctuary cities across the country.
"News Quiz: New Hampshire Primary, Coronavirus, Oscars"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build	"When California’s housing crisis slammed into a wealthy suburb, one public servant became a convert to a radically simple doctrine."
This Is How Scandinavia Got Great	The power of educating the whole person.
Coronavirus ‘Hits All the Hot Buttons’ for How We Misjudge Risk	Psychologists say that differing responses to coronavirus and the flu illustrate our shortcomings when it comes to evaluating danger.
How Dresden Looked After a World War II Firestorm 75 Years Ago	Germany commemorated 75 years since the Allied bombing devastated the city. But the milestone has taken on new meaning with the rise of the far right.
Manchester City Banned From Champions League for 2 Seasons	The club was also fined 30 million euros for “serious breaches” of European soccer’s financial regulations.
How My Worst Date Ever Became My Best	Agreeing to see him again would require a minor miracle. A minor miracle is exactly what happened.
"Andrew McCabe, Ex-F.B.I. Official, Will Not Be Charged in Lying Case"	"The decision to decline charges appears to be a move to distance the Justice Department from President Trump, who has long attacked Mr. McCabe."
Bill de Blasio Endorses Bernie Sanders	"The New York City mayor, who was briefly a presidential candidate himself, is scheduled to campaign with Mr. Sanders in Nevada ahead of the caucuses there next week."
How Trump’s Relationship With Barr Got So Complicated	"A whipsaw week of charged decisions by the Justice Department, some favored by the president and others not, has bewildered much of Washington."
"When America’s Oddest Political Couple Fight, Those Sparks Are Real"	"The public struggles of White House adviser Kellyanne Conway and her husband, George T. Conway III, are not shtick, friends say, and they are not having fun."
The End of Australia as We Know It	"What many of us have witnessed this fire season feels alive and monstrous. With climate change forcing a relaxed country to stumble toward new ways of work, leisure and life, will politics follow?"
Coronavirus Live Updates: The U.S. Says It Will Evacuate Americans From Cruise Ship	Passengers and crew members quarantined off Japan were told in an email from the American Embassy that a chartered flight would arrive on Sunday to take them back to the United States.
"Jeff Bezos Buying $165 Million Estate, a California Record"	"The Amazon leader reached a deal for the Warner Estate in Beverly Hills with David Geffen, who has owned it since 1990."
Developers of Upper West Side Condo Tower May Have to Deconstruct 20 Floors	A judge has ordered that the city revoke the building permit for 200 Amsterdam Avenue.
"Activate This ‘Bracelet of Silence,’ and Alexa Can’t Eavesdrop"	Microphones and cameras lurk everywhere. You may want to slip on some privacy armor.
Couple Tests Positive for Coronavirus After Returning From Vacation in Hawaii	"The husband and wife, both in their 60s, were confirmed to have the virus after returning home to Japan. Officials in Hawaii were racing to find people they may have met in the state."
"Caroline Flack, Who Hosted ‘Love Island,’ Dies by Suicide at 40"	"Ms. Flack, who was a fixture in the British tabloids, began hosting the show in 2015."
"To Tame Coronavirus, Mao-Style Social Control Blankets China"	"Despite their high-tech tools, the authorities are mainly relying on a flood of workers to keep hundreds of millions of people from coming in contact with outsiders."
Tessa Majors Killing: 14-Year-Old Boy Charged With Murder	"The teenager, the second suspect arrested in the case, is believed to have wielded the murder weapon."
"Fearful of Trump’s Attacks, Justice Dept. Lawyers Worry Barr Will Leave Them Exposed"	"After a week of tumult, some career prosecutors expressed concerns about political interference and the attorney general’s response to the president weighing in on the prosecution of an associate."
"31 Reported Dead in Mali, as Attackers Return to Scene of a Massacre"	The latest attack highlighted the rising ethnic and jihadi violence in West Africa’s vast Sahel region.
Shifting Ground in Coronavirus Fight: U.S. Will Evacuate Americans From Cruise Ship	"In China, after assurances that people should go back to work, officials partly changed course and announced mandatory quarantine for people returning to Beijing."
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now	We’ve plucked out the 50 best films currently streaming on Netflix in the United States. Take a look.
A Hunt for Clues in Hawaii After a Tourist Couple Falls Ill With Coronavirus	A couple visiting Waikiki Beach tested positive for the virus after returning to Japan. Public health officials are investigating to see if anyone else was exposed.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: After Hundreds Leave Cruise Ship, American Passenger Tests Positive"	"Cambodia let the ship dock, and welcomed its passengers ashore, after five other nations turned it away. Now, Malaysia says an 83-year-old passenger has tested positive twice for the coronavirus."
‘I Cannot Remain Silent’	A brave voice in China cries out about the regime’s mishandling of the coronavirus.
Former Justice Dept. Lawyers Press for Barr to Step Down	"More than 1,100 former prosecutors and officials who served in Republican and Democratic administrations signed an open letter condemning the president and the attorney general over the Stone case."
American Woman Who Left Cruise Ship Tests Positive for Coronavirus	"More than 2,000 people were on the vessel, which docked in Cambodia. Hundreds have flown on to other destinations, raising fears that they could spread the virus."
"China’s Leader, Under Fire, Says He Led Coronavirus Fight Early On"	"Xi Jinping was aware of the outbreak nearly two weeks before he first spoke publicly about it. It could draw him directly into questions about whether officials did too little, too late."
Never Mind the Internet. Here’s What’s Killing Malls.	"Yes, the internet has changed the way we shop. But taken together, other factors have caused greater harm to traditional retail stores, an economist says."
Is Coffee Good For You?	Yes! But it depends on the kind of coffee and the quantity.
The Bloomberg Temptation	Will the Democrats try to replace Donald Trump with a power-hungry plutocrat?
Doctor’s Suicide Note Has Parents Asking: Was My Child Really Vaccinated?	"Before he died, Van Koinis, an Illinois pediatrician, wrote of his regrets about immunizations. The authorities are now investigating whether he had been misleading patients."
Coronavirus Updates: Evacuated Americans Carried Virus From Cruise Ship to Airplane	"Fourteen passengers, who were believed to be well before they were evacuated from a cruise ship in Japan on Monday, were found to be infected before boarding a charter plane to the United States."
Katie Waldman and Stephen Miller Wed at Trump Hotel	"Katie Waldman, Vice President Mike Pence’s press secretary, marries Stephen Miller, a senior adviser to President Trump, at the Trump International Hotel in Washington."
"An Adult’s Guide to Social Skills, for Those Who Were Never Taught"	"It’s a shame so few of us are taught the basics of how to interact constructively with each other. If you never were, we’re here to help."
Senator Tom Cotton Repeats Fringe Theory of Coronavirus Origins	"Scientists have dismissed suggestions that the Chinese government was behind the outbreak, but it’s the kind of tale that gains traction among those who see China as a threat."
She Didn’t Want a Pelvic Exam. She Received One Anyway.	"Medical schools and students are grappling with an unsettling practice: Performing pelvic exams on unconscious, non-consenting patients."
The Benefits of Intermittent Fasting	"I was skeptical, but it turns out there is something to be said for a daily fast, preferably one lasting at least 16 hours."
"Unloved by Trump, NPR Carries On"	Donations to the public broadcaster went up sharply after the president said it was “a very good question” to ask why it still existed.
What We Still Don’t Get About George Washington	There continue to be ways to look with fresh eyes at our founding-est founding father.
"Democrats, Don’t Wish for Your Own Rogue"	Bloomberg’s record and misleading statements make him a dangerous choice.
Black Families Came to Chicago by the Thousands. Why Are They Leaving?	"There is an exodus of African-Americans from Chicago. Hardis White, 78, is one of those who left, and three generations of his family wrestled with staying or going."
This Is the Best Lasagna on the Planet	"Regina Schrambling’s version, from 2001, has a beauty that’s “more than cheese deep.” Make it soon."
"They Escaped an Infected Ship, but the Flight Home Was No Haven"	"The U.S. had said cruise ship passengers infected with the coronavirus would not be allowed on evacuation flights, but the decision was apparently reversed at the last minute."
Did Biden Scare Off Our Next President?	Imagine the race if other Democrats had not overreacted.
Ryan Newman Expected to Survive Fiery Crash at Daytona 500	Newman’s team said he was in “serious condition” but did not have life-threatening injuries after a major wreck just before the finish. Denny Hamlin won the race for the second straight year.
‘Now We Are Refugees’: A Family in Limbo Amid the Coronavirus Outbreak	"The family of Chloe Chang, a Taiwanese woman, is effectively trapped in Hubei Province, and in the middle of a spat between China and Taiwan."
Apple Signals Coronavirus’s Threat to Global Businesses	"Supply is a problem, the company warned, as factories slowly reopen in China, and demand is down, too, with stores there still mostly closed."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Director of Wuhan Hospital Dies From Virus	"Dr. Liu Zhiming, a physician on the front line of the outbreak, is the most senior of the more than 1,700 medical workers who have contracted the virus."
Cambodia’s Coronavirus Complacency May Exact a Global Toll	"After a cruise ship docked in Cambodia, passengers streamed off the ship, maskless, and fears are rising that the country could become a vector of transmission."
"Facing a Wave of Sex-Abuse Claims, Boy Scouts of America Files for Bankruptcy"	"The nonprofit group, which counts more than two million youth participants, follows Catholic dioceses and U.S.A. Gymnastics in seeking bankruptcy protection amid sex-abuse cases."
Michael Bloomberg Surges in Poll and Qualifies for Democratic Debate in Las Vegas	"After garnering 19 percent support in a national poll, the billionaire will be on the debate stage, where he is certain to be a target of onstage criticism."
Why Don’t We Know Which Democratic Candidate Can Beat Trump?	We seem to know less than we did at the beginning of the primary.
Have Zombies Eaten Bloomberg’s and Buttigieg’s Brains?	Beware the Democrats of the living dead.
Fact-Checking the Las Vegas Democratic Debate	"Our reporters followed all of the exchanges and fact-checked the candidates, providing context and explanation."
"Warren Leads an Onslaught of Attacks, Zeroing In on Bloomberg"	"The sharp exchanges in the Nevada debate reflected the urgency of the moment as Michael Bloomberg, in his first presidential debate, was repeatedly criticized in personal terms."
The 11 Criminals Granted Clemency by Trump Had One Thing in Common: Connections	"The process bypassed the formal procedures used by past presidents and was driven instead by friendship, fame, personal empathy and a shared sense of persecution."
Why Did the Coronavirus Outbreak Start in China?	Let’s talk about the cultural causes of this epidemic.
6 Takeaways From the Democratic Debate in Nevada	"Warren carved up her opponents, Bloomberg was on the defensive, and Klobuchar and Buttigieg tried to take each other down. The fiery debate signals a harsher campaign as Super Tuesday looms."
Far-Right Shooting Shatters an Already Fragile Sense of Security in Germany	The attack showed that no part of the country is immune to the potential for violence fueled by anti-immigrant hatred.
Greece Has 227 Islands. Here’s How to Choose.	"Deciding where to visit depends on your entry point, how much time you have, and the type of vacation you want."
‘Leaning Tower of Dallas’ Becomes a City’s Star Attraction	"The demolition of an office tower on Sunday left behind the building’s core, leaning slightly. The new landmark has caused a stir on social media."
"What We, the Taliban, Want"	"I am convinced that the killing and the maiming must stop, the deputy leader of the Taliban writes."
Who Won the Democratic Debate? Experts Weigh In	"In the last few presidential debates, there was little consensus on a clear winner or loser. That changed on Wednesday night."
Roger Stone Is Sentenced to Over 3 Years in Prison	The sentencing played out amid extraordinary upheaval at the Justice Department and a virtual standoff between the president and the attorney general.
What a Party in Japan May Tell Us About the Coronavirus’s Spread	Will the virus spiral beyond China? Public health experts are closely studying cluster cases in other Asian countries.
A Family of Three Seeks a Two-Bedroom in Manhattan. Which One Did They Choose?	"After renting a flex one-bedroom in Kips Bay, two academics and their teenage son went looking for more space. Here’s where they landed."
Trump Denounces Selection of ‘Parasite’ as Best Picture	"“And the winner is a movie from South Korea,” the president said at a rally. “What the hell was that all about?”"
Coronavirus Live Updates: South Korea Reports Second Death From Virus	"The number of confirmed cases in the country, many connected to a single church, doubled in just a day."
Whisky Knows Her Toys	"A Border collie in Norway learned the names and categories of her many, many toys, just by playing a game with her owners."
Why Sanders Will Probably Win the Nomination	Democrats already see reality through the Bernie lens.
How Bloomberg Bungled a Debate That He Had Been Prepped For	Michael Bloomberg’s campaign advisers had anticipated tough debate questions on stop-and-frisk and nondisclosure agreements. The former mayor’s performance left his team rattled.
Why Teenagers Reject Parents’ Solutions to Their Problems	It’s usually because we’re not giving them what they’re really looking for.
"Coronavirus Cases in the United States Reach 34, and More Are Expected"	"The contagion “represents a tremendous public health threat,” said one federal health official."
Russia Is Said to Be Interfering to Aid Sanders in Democratic Primaries	The nominal Democratic front-runner denounced Russia’s efforts to attack American democracy.
‘West Side Story’ Review: Sharks vs. Jets vs. Video	"Ivo van Hove’s attention-splintering revival of the immortal 1957 musical features new choreography, a ravishing orchestra and smothering visual effects."
Answers to Travelers’ Questions About the Coronavirus	"With COVID-19 disease upending plans and commerce globally, expert advice on how to think about traveling now."
"At Walgreens, Complaints of Medication Errors Go Missing"	Consultants working on a report for the drugstore chain were told not to mention some concerns raised by employees. Safety issues have also been flagged at CVS.
Ocasio-Cortez Builds Progressive Campaign Arm to Challenge Democrats	"Ms. Ocasio-Cortez endorsed a slate of progressive challengers to Democratic candidates and incumbents, working to create a liberal counterweight to the party’s official campaign arm."
Shadowy Church Is at Center of Coronavirus Outbreak in South Korea	"As the country’s infection numbers soar, most cases have been connected to the Shincheonji Church of Jesus, which mainstream churches consider a cult."
"News Quiz: Presidential Pardons, Michael Bloomberg, Coronavirus"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Trump Dismisses Warning of Russian 2020 Meddling as a Democratic ‘Hoax’	"The president described the intelligence finding that Russia was meddling in the 2020 election, delivered last week to House lawmakers, as a partisan “misinformation campaign.”"
How My Worst Date Ever Became My Best	Agreeing to see him again would require a minor miracle. A minor miracle is exactly what happened.
Why the Coronavirus Seems to Hit Men Harder Than Women	"Women mount stronger immune responses to infection, scientists say. And in China, men smoke in much greater numbers."
Coronavirus Live Updates: W.H.O. Team Heads to Wuhan as Its Leader Warns Africa	"The World Health Organization’s director general said its experts were traveling to the heart of the epidemic, and told African leaders to prepare for the outbreak’s global spread."
"With 4 Deaths in Iran and More Cases on 3 Continents, Fears of Coronavirus Pandemic Rise"	"Health officials called the surge in reported infections “very worrisome,” as cases soared in South Korea. Europe and North America reported a big uptick in infections."
The Democrats Are in Trouble	The party’s riskiest bet is now its likeliest.
Why Did the Coronavirus Outbreak Start in China?	Let’s talk about the cultural causes of this epidemic.
‘We’re in a Petri Dish’: How a Coronavirus Ravaged a Cruise Ship	More than three days passed before Japan imposed a quarantine. That delay and other missteps helped produce the largest outbreak of the virus beyond China.
Biden Adds a Claim to His Biography: An Arrest in South Africa	Joe Biden has recounted a story — three times in two weeks — about being arrested on his way to see Nelson Mandela. He did not mention it in his memoir or speak prominently of it before.
‘Friends’ Cast to Reunite in HBO Max Special	"The special will be available to subscribers at the debut of the new streaming service, in May. (Could you BE any more excited?)"
Donald Trump Is Going to India to Find Himself	"Under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India is the American president’s spiritual home: an inferno of systemic cruelty."
"Richard Grenell Begins Overhauling Intelligence Office, Prompting Fears of Partisanship"	The new acting director of national intelligence also asked to see the facts underlying the finding that Russia is interfering in the 2020 election and favors President Trump’s re-election.
"Bernie Sanders, the Teflon Candidate, Faces Sudden New Tests"	The Vermont senator has long brushed off political vulnerabilities and evaded attacks from rivals. But the spotlight on his front-runner status and possible Russian interference could pose challenges.
Trump Was Furious That Passengers With Coronavirus Were Brought Back to U.S.	Among the passengers from the Diamond Princess cruise ship who were flown back were 14 American citizens who tested positive for the virus. The move took Mr. Trump by surprise.
"Bernie Sanders Wins Nevada Caucuses, Strengthening His Primary Lead"	His triumph will provide a burst of momentum that may make it difficult for the still-fractured moderate wing of the Democratic Party to slow his march to the nomination.
Man Crashes Plane Into Texas I.R.S. Office	"There were indications that the pilot, who was killed in the crash on Thursday, had conflicts with the I.R.S."
Coronavirus Live Updates: South Korea’s Leader Raises Alert Level to Maximum	"With more than 600 cases confirmed, President Moon Jae-in empowered the government to lock down cities and restrict travel, though he announced no specific measures."
Newly-Banned Thai Opposition Party Says Junta Helped 1MDB Cover-Up	"A banned Thai opposition party on Sunday accused the former military junta of helping cover up Malaysia's multi-billion-dollar 1MDB scandal, urging Thais to demand the truth ahead of a censure debate against Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha."
America’s Parasite	"Frankly, Trump doesn’t give a damn."
"Same Goal, Different Playbook: Why Russia Would Support Trump and Sanders"	Vladimir Putin is eager both to take the sheen off U.S. democracy and for a counterpart who is less likely to challenge his territorial and nuclear ambitions.
Bernie Sanders Isn’t the Left’s Trump	And this is no time for ego or self-indulgence.
Europe Confronts Coronavirus as Italy Battles an Eruption of Cases	"The country announced more than 150 cases, many in the densely populated region around Milan, as officials closed schools and canceled Venice’s carnival celebrations."
How Bernie Sanders Dominated in Nevada	"A multiracial coalition brought the senator’s long-promised political revolution to vivid life, for perhaps the first time in the 2020 race."
Trump’s Efforts to Remove the Disloyal Heightens Unease Across His Administration	"As senior officials are shown the door, a new personnel chief orders a search for political appointees as well as career officials deemed insufficiently supportive of the president."
How a Neighbors’ Feud in Paradise Launched an International Rape Case	"The fashion executive Peter Nygard has clashed for years with his neighbor in the Bahamas, the billionaire Louis Bacon. The latest development is a lawsuit saying Mr. Nygard sexually exploited teenage girls."
Bernie Sanders Is Making a Big Mistake	It has to do with respect.
"Kanye, Out West"	What is the superstar doing in Wyoming?
Teaching Children How to Reverse an Overdose	"In rural Carter County, Tenn., health officials have embraced a strategy for stemming addiction: Teaching children as young as 6 how to administer Narcan, a nasal spray that can stop an opioid overdose from being fatal."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Outbreaks Around the World Raise Fears of Pandemic	"New cases in Bahrain and Afghanistan indicate a rapid spread. South Korea reported hundreds of new infections and Iran said at least 12 people there had died, the highest toll outside China."
Live Updates: Harvey Weinstein Is Found Guilty of Rape	"A jury convicted Mr. Weinstein of felony sex crime and rape, but acquitted him of the most serious charges against him, predatory sexual assault."
Katherine Johnson Dies at 101; Mathematician Broke Barriers at NASA	She was one of a group of black women mathematicians at NASA and its predecessor who were celebrated in the 2016 movie “Hidden Figures.”
U.S. Stocks Plunge as Coronavirus Crisis Spreads	"As outbreaks spread outside China, spiking in Italy and South Korea, investors are growing increasingly concerned about a global economic slowdown."
Is It a Pandemic Yet?	It’s now clear that the coronavirus epidemic was never going to be contained. What’s next?
"As the Start-Up Boom Deflates, Tech Is Humbled"	"Layoffs. Shutdowns. Uncertainty. After a decade of prosperity, many hot young companies are facing a reckoning."
Sanders’s Comments on Fidel Castro Provoke Anger in Florida	Bernie Sanders told “60 Minutes” that it would be “unfair” to say “everything is bad” about Cuba’s Communist revolution.
Trump’s Doctor Thought He Had a Ticket to Congress. It Hasn’t Been So Easy.	Ronny Jackson is one of 15 candidates in a crowded Republican primary. And the White House hasn’t gone out of its way to help.
"As Trump Barricades the Border, Legal Immigration Is Starting to Plunge"	"President Trump’s border wall is beginning to rise, but a thick curtain of policy changes is more responsible for suppressing the flow of immigrants into the country."
Photos of Modi’s Big Party for Trump in India	"“Namaste Trump,” the prime minister’s unabashed homage to the U.S. president, took over a 110,000-seat cricket stadium."
"Impact of the Coronavirus Ripples Across Asia: ‘It Has Been Quiet, Like a Cemetery’"	"Across the region, from Japan to Thailand, tourist sites, hotels and shops have emptied out as fear of the outbreak has shut down travel."
‘Recipe for a Massive Viral Outbreak’: Iran Emerges as a Worldwide Threat	"Long a regional crossroads, Iran is spreading the new coronavirus to a host of neighboring countries. Many are ill-equipped to cope."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Spanish Hotel Is Latest Site of Possible Outbreak	"An Italian doctor staying at a resort in the Canary Islands has tested positive for the virus. New outbreaks in Europe, Asia and the Middle East are renewing fears of a coming global pandemic."
Trump Demands Two Liberal Justices Recuse Themselves From His Cases	The president ratcheted up a fight with a judicial system he sees as biased against him.
Tonight’s Democratic Debate: Everyone vs. Bernie Sanders	The South Carolina debate is all about who can slow Mr. Sanders’s momentum there and beyond. Take a look at the key dynamics to watch for tonight.
Harvey Weinstein Is Found Guilty of Sex Crimes in #MeToo Watershed	The jury found Mr. Weinstein guilty of two felony sex crimes but acquitted him of charges that he is a sexual predator.
"Dems, Want to Defeat Trump? Form a Team of Rivals"	You can win in a landslide.
"Trump, in India, Demands 2 Liberal Justices Recuse Themselves From His Cases"	The president ratcheted up a fight with a judicial system he sees as biased against him.
New Delhi Streets Turn Into Battleground During Trump’s Visit	"As the president tours India’s capital, at least 11 people have been killed in communal clashes that have upended a working-class neighborhood."
C.D.C. Officials Warn of Coronavirus Outbreaks in the U.S.	"Clusters of infection are likely in American communities, health officials said. Some lawmakers questioned whether the nation is prepared."
Tonight’s Democratic Debate: Live Updates From South Carolina	"Seven Democrats will be debating in Charleston, S.C., four days before the South Carolina primary. Last week’s forum smashed a TV ratings record."
"Coronavirus Stalls Milan, Italy’s Economic Engine"	"Milan is not a closed city, but it is a drastically slowed one, after a spike of cases in the region, raising anxiety about a broader slowdown."
Why Hank Azaria Won’t Play Apu on ‘The Simpsons’ Anymore	"The veteran “Simpsons” voice actor explains why he stepped away from the character, which has been criticized as a demeaning stereotype."
Disney C.E.O. Bob Iger Hands Keys to Magic Kingdom to Its 7th Chief	"He will be replaced by Bob Chapek, who was most recently chairman of Disney’s parks business."
Stocks Slide for 2nd Day as U.S. Sounds Alarm on Coronavirus	The spread of the coronavirus has rattled investors who fear new outbreaks will push down global demand.
How to Prepare for the Coronavirus	Wash your hands. Keep a good supply of essential medicines. Get a flu shot. Experts offer practical tips on how to get ready for a possible outbreak.
Imagine Bernie Sanders in the Oval Office	It’s easy if you try.
The Coronavirus: What Scientists Have Learned So Far	A respiratory virus that originated in China has infected tens of thousands of people and has spread to other countries.
Chris Matthews Apologizes to Bernie Sanders for Remarks on Nevada Win	"An on-air comparison to Nazis angered Sanders aides, who privately complained to executives at MSNBC."
Who Won the Democratic Debate? Experts Weigh In	Campaign veterans reacted to how the Democratic presidential candidates fared Tuesday night.
"Amid Insults and Interruptions, Sanders Absorbs Burst of Attacks in Debate"	"In a messy Democratic forum, Bernie Sanders, the emerging front-runner, faced his most serious test so far. Michael R. Bloomberg also drew withering criticism."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Europe Threatened as Disease Spreads from Italy	"Five European countries have reported cases linked to Italy, and an American soldier in Korea became the first U.S. serviceman to be infected."
How BTS Filmed a ‘Top Secret’ Video in Grand Central Terminal	A performance by the wildly popular K-pop group for “The Tonight Show” inside the iconic transit hub took an army to pull off.
6 Takeaways From the Democratic Debate in South Carolina	"With 17 contests at stake over the next week, the night took on a frenetic pace. Sanders faced the most scrutiny yet, Warren continued to bite into her rivals and Buttigieg and Klobuchar faded."
What Happened to the Students Caught Up in the College Admissions Scandal?	None of the young people whose parents are accused of wrongdoing were charged with crimes in the admissions case. But they have faced consequences.
C.D.C. Confirms First Possible Community Transmission of Coronavirus in U.S.	A case in California may be the first infection without a known link to travel abroad.
"Maria Sharapova Wants to Be Clear: She Is Retiring From Tennis, Not Quitting"	"Sharapova, 32, called perseverance her “greatest tool” but said it had ultimately worked against her as she tried to push through recurring injuries and revive a brilliant career."
Ship Blocked From Jamaica and Cayman Islands Allowed to Dock in Mexico	"After a crew member with flu symptoms was reported, Jamaican and Cayman health authorities refused to let passengers disembark."
Fact-Checking the South Carolina Democratic Debate	"Our reporters are following all of the exchanges and fact-checking the candidates, providing context and explanation."
"Clive Cussler, Best-Selling Author and Adventurer, Is Dead at 88"	"His literary fantasies and larger-than-life exploits swirled together for decades. He wrote 85 books, selling no fewer than 100 million copies, and located scores of shipwrecks."
Japan Can’t Handle the Coronavirus. Can It Host the Olympics?	How leaders’ sense of entitlement breeds indifference and incompetence.
The Democratic Party Devours Itself	"At a raucous debate, Bernie Sanders was the target, but who really got hurt?"
Gunman Kills 5 Co-Workers at Molson Coors in Milwaukee	"The gunman, an employee in uniform, was also found dead."
Trump Names Mike Pence to Lead Coronavirus Response	President Trump sought to reassure the country that his government was controlling the spread of the coronavirus after his administration weathered days of criticism.
China’s Rover Finds Layers of Surprise Under Moon’s Far Side	"The Chang’e-4 mission, the first to land on the lunar far side, is demonstrating the promise and peril of using ground-penetrating radar in planetary science."
They Were Infected With the Coronavirus. They Never Showed Signs.	Even asymptomatic people who are infected may be able to spread the virus. But people without symptoms are rarely tested.
Trump Campaign Sues New York Times Over 2019 Opinion Article	The lawsuit concerns an essay published a year ago and headlined “The Real Trump-Russia Quid Pro Quo.”
Coronavirus Live Updates: Potential New Paths of Transmission Put Global Authorities on Edge	"Japan shutters all schools in an effort to combat the outbreak, becoming only the second country to make such a move, after China."
Coronavirus Patient in California Was Not Tested for Days	"Doctors suspected infection with the virus, but the patient did not fit the federal criteria for testing."
My Ex-Boyfriend’s New Girlfriend Is Lady Gaga	How do you compare yourself with one of the most famous women in the world?
Democratic Leaders Willing to Risk Party Damage to Stop Bernie Sanders	"Interviews with dozens of Democratic Party officials, including 93 superdelegates, found overwhelming opposition to handing Mr. Sanders the nomination if he fell short of a majority of delegates."
Let’s Call It Trumpvirus	"If you’re feeling awful, you know who to blame."
Justice Dept. Establishes Office to Denaturalize Immigrants	"The department called the decision a move “to bring justice to terrorists, war criminals, sex offenders and other fraudsters,” but some lawyers there feared a broader crackdown."
Most Coronavirus Cases Are Mild. That’s Good and Bad News.	"More than 80 percent of confirmed coronavirus cases are not severe, according to a large Chinese study. But mild symptoms could also make the epidemic harder to contain."
Pence Will Control All Coronavirus Messaging From Health Officials	"Government health officials and scientists will have to coordinate statements with the vice president’s office, one of three people designated as the administration’s primary coronavirus official."
A Royal Instagram Mystery	"Two royal couples, two Instagram accounts, one conspiracy theory."
"U.S. Health Workers Responding to Coronavirus Lacked Training and Protective Gear, Whistle-Blower Says"	"Team members were not properly trained, lacked necessary gear and moved freely around and off military bases where Americans were quarantined, a complaint says."
Trump Has a Problem as the Coronavirus Threatens the U.S.: His Credibility	Even his allies worry that President Trump has undermined his ability to appear presidential in a moment of national emergency.
The Case for Elizabeth Warren	She wants to purify capitalism so it works as it should.
The Leopard Cub With the Lioness Mom	Scientists documented a rare and very cute interspecies adoption in a national park in India.
Japan Shocks Parents by Moving to Close All Schools Over Coronavirus	"The country, unlike others, has not experienced a sharp increase in reported cases, but it is under pressure to act decisively to preserve the Tokyo Olympics."
"Airstrike Hits Turkish Forces in Syria, Raising Fears of Escalation"	"The Turkish Army suffered mass casualties in the strike, officials said, an attack that could set off a direct conflict between Turkey and Russia."
South Korean Leader Said Coronavirus Would ‘Disappear.’ It Was a Costly Error.	Opposition politicians are vowing to make what they call Moon Jae-in’s incompetence the top election issue ?for April 15 parliamentary polls.
"No, Not Sanders, Not Ever"	"He is not a liberal, he’s the end of liberalism."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: World Reaches ‘Decisive Point’ in Outbreak Fight, W.H.O. Says"	"More than a dozen countries recorded their first cases in the past 48 hours, as the W.H.O.’s director general said the outbreak had ‘pandemic potential.’"
When a Pandemic Meets a Personality Cult	The Trump team confirms all of our worst fears.
The Stock Market Continues Its Plunge as the Fed Weighs In: Live Coverage	"The S&P 500 is on track for the market’s worst week since the 2008 financial crisis, and other economic indicators are flashing warning signs."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Second Unexplained Case Found in California, This Time in Santa Clara County"	"The World Health Organization said the virus, found in at least 56 countries so far, poses a “very high” global risk. But the White House accused the media of sowing fear to hurt President Trump."
Bernie Sanders Can Beat Trump. Here’s the Math.	Most available evidence points in the direction of a popular vote and Electoral College victory.
Iran Vice President Is One of 7 Officials to Contract Coronavirus	"Masoumeh Ebtekar, President Hassan Rouhani’s deputy for women’s affairs and the highest-ranking woman in the government, was at least the seventh Iranian official to test positive."
"Freeman Dyson, Math Genius Turned Visionary Technologist, Dies at 96"	"After an early breakthrough on light and matter, he became a writer who challenged climate science and pondered space exploration and nuclear warfare."
He Drove Her to the Hospital. She Gave Him the Coronavirus.	"Taxi and bus drivers are on the forefront of the spread of the coronavirus in Asia, even as a tourism downturn hurts their business."
Coronavirus Live Updates: 800 New Cases Reported in South Korea	"The country has the largest coronavirus outbreak outside of China, with a total of 3,150 cases."
"News Quiz: Coronavirus, Democrats, Harvey Weinstein"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Court Rules Congress Cannot Sue to Force Executive Branch Officials to Testify	"An appeals court dismissed a lawsuit brought by the House Judiciary Committee against President Trump’s former White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II."
Surgeon General Urges the Public to Stop Buying Face Masks	"“Seriously people,” the surgeon general said on Twitter, warning that a run on the masks could risk a shortage harmful to public health professionals."
My Ex-Boyfriend’s New Girlfriend Is Lady Gaga	How do you compare yourself with one of the most famous women in the world?
"Nathaniel Taylor, ‘Sanford and Son’ Actor, Is Dead at 80"	"His fast-talking but good-natured character, Rollo, was viewed with skepticism by the show’s central character, played by Redd Foxx."
The Pied Pipers of the Dirtbag Left Want to Lead Everyone to Bernie Sanders	Many listeners would never repeat what these podcast hosts say. So why do they desperately want to hear from them?
"Winning South Carolina, Biden Makes Case Against Sanders: ‘Win Big or Lose’"	Joseph R. Biden Jr. drew on his decades-long relationships and leveraged his close bond with black voters to wrap up a state long considered his stronghold.
"Joe Coulombe, Who Founded Trader Joe’s, Dies at 89"	"“Equal parts gourmet shop, discount warehouse and Tiki trading post,” his stores caught on in Southern California and, eventually, beyond."
How Does the Coronavirus Compare to the Flu?	"As new cases appear on the West Coast, some — including the president — see comparisons to the seasonal flu. Here’s a close look at the differences."
They Recovered From the Coronavirus. Were They Infected Again?	"In a few cases, patients again tested positive for the virus after they were no longer ill. But little is known about the virus, and it’s possible that testing flaws may be to blame."
Trump Makes Us Ill	Going viral is not a good thing this time.
"Washington State Declares Emergency Amid Coronavirus Death, Illnesses at Nursing Facility"	A person in the Seattle area died. Two others tested positive for the virus in a long term care facility where dozens of people have reported feeling ill.
Taliban and U.S. Strike Deal to Withdraw American Troops From Afghanistan	"After more than a year of talks, the agreement lays out the beginning of the end of the United States’ longest war. But many obstacles remain."
"Kept at the Hospital on Coronavirus Fears, Now Facing Large Medical Bills"	"Care was mandated by the government, but it’s not clear who has to pay."
Coronavirus Live Updates: New Fears Over Virus’s Spread in Washington State	Findings based on an analysis of two infections suggest that the coronavirus may have been in the state for weeks and that hundreds may already have been infected.
Here Comes the Coronavirus Pandemic	"Now, after many fire drills, the world may be facing a real fire."
Pete Buttigieg to Quit Democratic Presidential Race	"The first openly gay major presidential candidate, Mr. Buttigieg rose to the primary’s top tier, but was unable to build a broad coalition of voters, and lost badly in South Carolina Saturday."
"Coronavirus May Have Spread in U.S. for Weeks, Gene Sequencing Suggests"	"Two cases detected weeks apart in Washington State had genetic links, suggesting that many more people in the area may be infected."
"Mother and Daughter Attacked for Speaking Spanish, Prosecutor Says"	"Officials filed felony hate-crime charges against two women accused of assault in a Boston neighborhood, where more than half of the residents are Latino."
Tom Steyer Drops Out of 2020 Presidential Race	"Mr. Steyer, the former hedge-fund executive, exited the race after a disappointing finish in South Carolina — a state where he had spent considerable resources and pinned the hopes of his campaign."
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Manhattan Woman Is First Confirmed Case in State	A woman in her 30s who had traveled in Iran contracted the virus and is now isolated at home.
This Was Molly Seidel’s First Marathon. Her Next Will Be at the Olympics.	"Seidel, 25, has two jobs, shares an apartment with her sister and runs turkey trots in costume. No, she can’t believe this is happening, either."
2nd Death Near Seattle Adds to Signs Coronavirus Is Spreading in U.S.	"Officials see growing indications that the virus has been spreading undetected for weeks. A cluster of cases at one nursing home have made Kirkland, Wash., a focus of concern."
How to Prepare for the Coronavirus	"Coronavirus cases continued to be confirmed in the United States. By following some basic steps, you can help reduce your risk, and do your part to protect others, if your community is affected."
"The Difference Between Worry, Stress and Anxiety"	"They’re not all the same, but we do have tips to help you deal with all of them."
"Coronavirus Updates: U.S. Scrambles to Slow Spread as Global Toll Surpasses 3,000"	A second death was registered in the United States as the number of cases in the country jumped to 88. New York officials reported the city’s first case late Sunday.
"In Coronavirus Fight, China Gives Citizens a Color Code, With Red Flags"	"A new system uses software to dictate quarantines — and appears to send personal data to police, in a troubling precedent for automated social control."
Why the Success of The New York Times May Be Bad News for Journalism	"In his debut, our new media columnist says The Times has become like Facebook or Google — a digital behemoth crowding out the competition."
Amy Klobuchar Drops Out of Presidential Race and Plans to Endorse Biden	"Ms. Klobuchar made her decision hours before Super Tuesday. She shocked the primary field with a third-place finish in New Hampshire, but ultimately could not compete with better-funded rivals."
Stocks Surge as Central Banks Vow to Act on Coronavirus Impact	The spreading coronavirus could hamper global growth. Investors are hoping central banks will step in to offset the damage.
Coronavirus Updates: Outbreak Strikes Seattle Area as Global Epidemic Spreads	"The epidemic continues to expand rapidly in South Korea, Iran and Europe, topping 90,000 cases and 3,000 deaths worldwide. U.S. officials say virus testing kits will soon become widely available."
Chris Matthews Out at MSNBC	"Mr. Matthews’s show, “Hardball,” has been on the air since 1997."
Mayor Pete Flew Sky High	The youngest of the Democratic candidates did the grown-up thing and dropped out.
A Trump Insider Embeds Climate Denial in Scientific Research	An Interior Department official has pressed scientists to include misleading climate language—including debunked claims that increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is beneficial—into their work.
Surfaces? Sneezes? Sex? How the Coronavirus Can and Cannot Spread	What you need to know about how the virus is transmitted.
‘When Is It Going to End?’: Where Coronavirus Has Turned Deadly in the U.S.	"Four residents of a nursing care facility in suburban Seattle have died, and the surrounding community is taking extraordinary steps to contain the virus."
Stop Touching Your Face!	"It’s a quirk of human nature that we touch our eyes, noses and mouths all day long. It’s also a major way we pick up infections like coronavirus."
"Coronavirus Updates: Governments Shift Focus to Containment, as Virus Spreads Globally"	The U.S. is ramping up testing as officials in Washington State reported a sixth death from the virus.
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Second Case Sets Off Search for Others Exposed	"The inquiry stretched from a hospital in Westchester County, where workers faced a possible quarantine, to a college campus in Manhattan."
"Coronavirus Updates: 9 Dead in Seattle Area. In N.Y., Hospital Staff May Have Been Exposed."	"President Trump was weighing more restrictions on travelers arriving from other countries. In Italy and Iran, cases and deaths rose sharply."
Stocks Tumble After the Fed Cuts Rates	The drop in stocks and bond yields suggests investors think the Federal Reserve’s interest-rate cut won’t contain the economic impact of the coronavirus.
Joe Biden Says ‘Poor Kids’ Are Just as Bright as ‘White Kids’	"Mr. Biden was speaking at a town hall hosted by the Asian & Latino Coalition in Des Moines when he made the remark, which he quickly sought to recover from."
"As Coronavirus Numbers Rise, C.D.C. Testing Comes Under Fire"	"Federal health officials botched an initial diagnostic test and restricted widespread screening. Missteps may have raised the risks to Americans, critics say."
Apple Agrees to Pay Some iPhone Owners $25 Each	A settlement for as much as $500 million would resolve a lawsuit accusing Apple of slowing old iPhones as it released new ones.
Defense Secretary Warns Commanders Not to Surprise Trump on Coronavirus	Mark T. Esper directed overseas officers not to run afoul of the White House’s messaging and asked them to clear decisions on protecting their troops.
China’s Coronavirus Crisis Is Just Beginning	Xi Jinping’s handling of the epidemic is reviving political dissent.
"Tornadoes Kill 25 in Tennessee, Shredding Buildings in Nashville Area"	"A powerful storm system cut a path through the middle of Tennessee early Tuesday morning, toppling electrical lines and littering streets with debris."
Sanders Campaign Was Caught Off Guard by Quick Massing of Opposition	"“It’s becoming clear that in order for us to win this nomination, that road clearly flows through Joe Biden,’’ Bernie Sanders’s campaign manager said."
How to Disinfect Your Space on an Airplane	Here are some tips for cleaning your area of a plane and keeping healthy on a flight.
Tracking Every Coronavirus Case in the U.S.: Full Map	Maps show the extent of the coronavirus outbreak and the number of cases and deaths by state.
‘What Are the Symptoms?’ ‘Is There a Cure?’ and Other Coronavirus Questions	Here’s what to do if you think you are sick and are worried it may be the coronavirus.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Global Mortality Rate Reaches 3.4 Percent	"The World Health Organization confirmed that Covid-19 is deadlier than the seasonal flu, but does not transmit as easily."
"Biden Revives Campaign, Winning Nine States, but Sanders Takes California"	The voting on the biggest day of the Democratic presidential campaign increasingly suggested a two-person race between candidates representing competing wings of the party.
"Michael Bloomberg Quits Democratic Race, Ending a Brief and Costly Bid"	He endorsed Joseph R. Biden Jr. and said that he planned to remain involved in the 2020 presidential campaign.
"Coronavirus in N.Y.: 9 New Cases, All Connected to Westchester Man"	The announcement came as health officials scrambled to figure out how far the illness had spread.
"‘Imagine This Were Your Sister,’ Ronan Farrow Tells Woody Allen’s Publisher"	"The author of “Catch and Kill,” which was published by a division of Hachette Book Group, said he wouldn’t work with the company again after it announced plans to publish his father’s memoir."
Worried About Coronavirus on the Subway? Here’s What We Know	"As the M.T.A. vows to regularly disinfect a system used by millions of people a day, here are some tips for trying to stay safe."
She Was Excited for a New School. Then the Anti-Semitic ‘Jokes’ Started.	"First, a deeply offensive photo. Three students’ college plans were soon derailed, and a community closed ranks."
"After Family Gets Coronavirus, New York Suburb Is Gripped by Anxiety"	"Ten of the state’s 11 confirmed cases are centered in New Rochelle, where over 100 other households are under a self-quarantine order."
Coronavirus Is What You Get When You Ignore Science	Scientists are all we have left. Pray for them.
"Maybe Next Time, Ladies"	So much for the most diverse presidential field in history.
Joe Biden Just Performed a Miracle	"On Super Tuesday, he roared back to the front of the pack."
"Criticized for Coronavirus Response, Trump Points to Obama Administration"	The president said a “very detrimental” decision adopted under his predecessor initially hampered the ability to enact widespread testing for the virus.
"Steve Bullock Is Poised to Run for Senate in Montana, Officials Say"	"After months of insisting he would not challenge the Republican incumbent, Mr. Bullock, the governor and ex-Democratic presidential candidate, has until Monday to file to run in Montana."
John Roberts Condemns Schumer for Saying Justices ‘Will Pay the Price’ for ‘Awful Decisions’	"Senator Chuck Schumer, speaking while the court heard arguments in a major abortion case, directed his criticism at President Trump’s two Supreme Court appointees."
"When Voyager 2 Calls Home, Earth Soon Won’t Be Able to Answer"	"NASA will spend 11 months upgrading the only piece of its Deep Space Network that can send commands to the probe, which has crossed into interstellar space."
Inside China’s All-Out War on the Coronavirus	"Dr. Bruce Aylward, of the W.H.O., got a rare glimpse into Beijing’s campaign to stop the epidemic. Here’s what he saw."
Coronavirus Updates: Cruise Ship Held Off California as State Declares an Emergency	"The cruise ship off San Francisco has 21 sick passengers on board and is linked to the state’s first death. In the Seattle area, schools are shutting down and tech workers are told to work from home."
"Told to Stay Home, Suspected Coronavirus Patient Attended Event With Dartmouth Students"	The worker at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in New Hampshire was confirmed with the disease only after attending the mixer. Now a second man has tested positive.
We Spoke to Six Americans With Coronavirus	It is one thing to be sick. It is another not to know your chances of getting well. Americans who have had the virus share their experiences.
"Elizabeth Warren, Once a Front-Runner, Will Drop Out of Presidential Race"	"Ms. Warren, a senator and former law professor, staked her campaign on fighting corruption and changing the rules of the economy."
"Coronavirus Updates: As Cases Climb and Stocks Slide, Congress Approves $8.3 Billion to Fight the Epidemic"	"A cruise ship is being held off the California coast and the state has declared an emergency. Nations on several continents are intensifying their efforts to contain the virus, which continues to spread fast."
Why Washington State? How Did It Start? Questions Answered on the U.S. Coronavirus Outbreak	"Seattle-area officials announced sweeping changes to stop the spread, urging telecommuting and recommending that those 60 and over, pregnant, or with health problems stay home."
The Rich Are Preparing for Coronavirus Differently	"Concierge doctors, yachts, chartered planes and germ-free hideaways."
"Coronavirus in N.Y.: 2,733 People Are Under Quarantines in City"	"The mayor revealed that figure as officials said 11 new cases had been identified in the state, bringing the total to 22."
"Rosalind P. Walter, 95, First ‘Rosie the Riveter’ and a PBS Funder, Dies"	"A daughter of privilege who worked on an assembly line during World War II, she became a principal benefactor of public television, her name intoned on a host of programs."
"The Coronavirus, by the Numbers"	A mathematician who studies the spread of disease explains some of the figures that keep popping up in coronavirus news.
Coronavirus in N.J.: A Second Positive Test in the State	"The first positive was a man, 32, who is in stable condition and isolated at a hospital in northern New Jersey, officials said."
Coronavirus: Revenge of the Pangolins?	"China has banned the trade of wildlife, suspecting that exotic animals infected humans. What will that really do?"
"Before Clearview Became a Police Tool, It Was a Secret Plaything of the Rich"	Investors and clients of the facial recognition start-up freely used the app on dates and at parties — and to spy on the public.
Judge Calls Barr’s Handling of Mueller Report ‘Distorted’ and ‘Misleading’	The judge said the attorney general lacked credibility on the matter and said he would review the report to decide whether to make its redacted portions public.
‘It’s Pure Panic’: A Wrenching Wait at Nursing Home Where Coronavirus Took Hold	"Cut off from their relatives inside a virus-stricken nursing center, families are frantically searching for help and basic information."
How to Stop Touching Your Face	We know it’s hard. Try these four tricks to help limit the number of times you touch your face each day to help prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: ‘Now Is the Time to Act,’ W.H.O. Chief Warns"	"American health care workers have expressed concern about a lack of training, and delays in testing are causing anxiety."
Bernie Sanders Is Going for Broke	Is maximalism the best political strategy?
"As Bernie Sanders Pushed for Closer Ties, Soviet Union Spotted Opportunity"	Previously unseen documents from a Soviet archive show how hard Mr. Sanders worked to find a sister city in Russia when he was a mayor in the 1980s. Moscow saw a chance for propaganda.
"Life in Seattle, America’s Coronavirus Capital"	The crisis is forcing a tech boomtown to hit pause.
Trump’s Calamitous Coronavirus Response	A whole-of-government mobilization to protect the president’s ego.
First U.S. Colleges Close Classrooms as Virus Spreads. More Could Follow.	"The University of Washington is moving to online classes for its 50,000 students. With colleges nationwide about to empty for spring break, students fear they might not be coming back."
F.D.A. Bans School Electric Shock Devices	"The ban is national, but it is squarely targeted at a single school in Massachusetts that has been using electric shocks to condition students’ behavior for decades."
"Trump Names Mark Meadows Chief of Staff, Ousting Mick Mulvaney"	"Mr. Mulvaney, a central figure in the president’s pressure campaign on Ukraine, defied a subpoena to testify in the House impeachment inquiry and was never called by the Senate."
Saudi Prince Detains Senior Members of Royal Family	"Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has detained a brother of the king, a former crown prince and a cousin, royals who may have been seen as threats to his rule."
Love in the Time of Low Expectations	"“Never count on a man,” her father had told her. “They will always let you down.” So she didn’t, and they still did."
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Outbreak Spreads; Navy Sailor Tests Positive in Italy	"Florida reported two deaths, bringing the toll in the United States to 17. The country has more than 300 confirmed infections."
I Am Burning With Fury and Grief Over Elizabeth Warren. And I Am Not Alone.	"She might not be bound for the presidency, but she has lodged herself in another powerful place: the female psyche."
"News Quiz: Coronavirus, Super Tuesday, Israel"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Erik Prince Recruits Ex-Spies to Help Infiltrate Liberal Groups	"Mr. Prince, a contractor close to the Trump administration, contacted veteran spies for operations by Project Veritas, the conservative group known for conducting stings on news organizations and other groups."
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Cuomo Declares State of Emergency	"The announcement came as the number of patients in New York rose to 76, including a Queens driver who worked for Uber."
If Joe Biden Wins	A few things we’ll no longer have to worry about.
"An Adult’s Guide to Social Skills, for Those Who Were Never Taught"	"It’s a shame so few of us are taught the basics of how to interact constructively with each other. If you never were, we’re here to help."
How to Quarantine Yourself	Thousands who may have been exposed to the coronavirus have been asked to seclude themselves. It’s harder than it sounds.
Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Why Closing Public Schools Is a ‘Last Resort’	The city’s schools will probably stay open because they double as social service centers for hundreds of thousands of poor students.
Bernie Sanders Has Already Won the Democratic Primary	"He set the tone, determined the issues and tugged the party toward him."
The Coronavirus Is Coming for Trump’s Presidency	Will a nationalist president be undone by his underreaction to a foreign threat?
"Inside Trump Administration, Debate Raged Over What to Tell Public"	"The administration’s response to the coronavirus has repeatedly matched public health experts against a hesitant White House, where worry of panic dominates."
"China May Be Beating the Coronavirus, at a Painful Cost"	Beijing says its heavy-handed measures are working. Can other countries battling the outbreak learn from its efforts — or is the cure worse than the disease?
Italy Locks Down Much of the Country’s North Over the Coronavirus	"The restrictions affect Milan and the regions that serve as Italy’s economic engine, and are the most sweeping measures outside China."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Stricken Cruise Ship to Dock in California on Monday	"The passengers will be unloaded in Oakland and taken to federal facilities in the state and elsewhere for quarantine, with the most acutely ill removed first, the boat’s operator said."
Nursing Home Hit by Coronavirus Says 70 Workers Are Sick	"As a federal team arrived to help, a spokesman for the Kirkland, Wash., center said 70 staff members were out with symptoms that resembled coronavirus."
"Florida Woman Changed Voters’ Party Affiliations, Officials Say"	"Cheryl A. Hall falsified 10 registration forms, at least six of which enrolled Democratic and independent voters as Republicans, said the authorities, who are eyeing an additional 109 forms."
The Mission to Hunt Nazis Has Become a Race Against Time	"The latest target was a 94-year-old man in Tennessee said to have been a guard at a concentration camp in Germany. “These people are old, and they’re dying,” a prosecutor said of the cases’ urgency."
"Daniel Craig Hosts ‘S.N.L.,’ but Elizabeth Warren Steals the Show"	The senator played herself in a surprise appearance in an episode that featured the Weeknd as the musical guest.
Gyms and Coronavirus: What Are the Risks?	"Sweat cannot transmit the virus but high-contact surfaces, such as barbells, can pose a problem, a doctor said."
Not His First Epidemic: Dr. Anthony Fauci Sticks to the Facts	"Where politicians fumble and other government health officials step back, he steps up to explain."
New York in the Age of Coronavirus	"As the number of cases climbs, a pall of anxiety has descended on the city."
"Girl With Disabilities Sexually Abused and Raped on School Bus, Lawsuit Says"	"Two other students with special needs abused the girl over a 17-day period, and the driver did not report it until after the girl was raped, court papers say."
Failures on the Diamond Princess Shadow Another Cruise Ship Outbreak	An alert about a coronavirus infection sat in an unmonitored inbox. A cruise doctor saw “no point” in disinfecting the ship. And Japan disregarded medical guidelines to contain an outbreak.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Death Tolls Soars in Italy as Asia Markets Plummet	Asian markets opened sharply lower on Monday as investors digested the relentless global spread of the coronavirus and turmoil in the oil markets.
Stocks Suffer Worst Drop Since 2011: Live Updates	European shares opened sharply lower. Oil prices and bond yields tumbled. France’s foreign minister called for a stimulus package.
U.S. Health Experts Say Stricter Measures Are Required to Limit Coronavirus’s Spread	"With more than 500 cases in almost three dozen states, officials worry that containment efforts aren’t enough."
"For Trump, Coronavirus Proves to Be an Enemy He Can’t Tweet Away"	A president who is at his strongest politically when he has a human target to attack has found it harder to confront a growing outbreak that has rattled the country.
Several East Coast Universities Cancel Classes in Coronavirus Response	"Columbia University Princeton said lectures and seminars would be taught remotely. Scarsdale, N.Y., also announced it was closing its public schools for the week after a teacher tested positive for the virus."
The Simple Reason the Left Won’t Stop Losing	Progressives need to care more about winning.
Forfeited Games and Virtual Learning: Coronavirus Shuts Down Schools	"As the virus continues to spread across the country, schools are closing their doors in an effort to protect their students."
"On Day 1 of Lockdown, Italian Officials Urge Citizens to Abide by Rules"	"Italy’s prime minister implored the public to cooperate in the largest clampdown against the coronavirus in the Western world. “We are the new Wuhan,” one Milan resident said."
"The ‘London Patient,’ Cured of H.I.V., Reveals His Identity"	"Adam Castillejo endured a decade of grueling treatments and moments of despair to become only the second person to be cured of H.I.V. Now, he says, “I want to be an ambassador of hope.”"
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Thousands of Students Face Shuttered Schools	"Columbia, Hofstra and Yeshiva universities canceled classes, and public schools in the suburb of Scarsdale will close for the week."
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Head of Port Authority Tests Positive	"Rick Cotton, the executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is one of the most prominent U.S. officials to have contracted the virus."
Trump Floats Economic Stimulus in Response to Coronavirus	The president backed a payroll tax cut and aid for hourly wage earners affected by the outbreak. He spoke after a trip where he spent time with two congressmen who were exposed to a person infected with the virus. His new chief of staff has also quarantined himself.
How the Trump Campaign Took Over the G.O.P.	"The president’s campaign manager and his allies commandeered Republican voter data and fund-raising engines, consolidating power — and profiting — in ways never before possible."
President Trump Is Unfit for This Crisis. Period.	His narcissism is a grave danger to our health.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Italy Is Locked Down; Global Deaths Top 4,000"	"Nationwide restrictions on travel and public gatherings began in Italy on Tuesday. China’s leader, Xi Jinping, visited Wuhan, where the outbreak began."
How to Prepare for the Coronavirus	"Coronavirus cases continued to be confirmed in the United States. By following some basic steps, you can help reduce your risk, and do your part to protect others, if your community is affected."
Stock Markets Are Rebounding After Monday’s Rout: Live Updates	"Investors returned, and futures indicated a rise on Wall Street, a day after coronavirus fears and oil market disruptions caused the biggest sell-off in a decade."
Coronavirus Is Very Different From the Spanish Flu of 1918. Here’s How.	"The fear is similar, but the medical reality is not."
N.Y. Creates ‘Containment Zone’ in New Rochelle: Live Updates	New Jersey announced its first death from the coronavirus on Tuesday.
Coronavirus Is Very Different From the Spanish Flu of 1918. Here’s How.	"The fear is similar, but the medical reality is not."
"Democratic Primary Results: Joe Biden Wins Michigan, Mississippi and Missouri"	Follow along as our reporters provide real-time analysis of the results of presidential primaries in six states.
Kansas City’s Mayor Was Turned Away When He Tried to Vote	"“If the mayor can get turned away, think about everyone else,” Mayor Quinton Lucas said. Officials say the mishap was the result of user error by a poll worker."
Trump Can’t Handle the Truth	And neither can the rest of America’s right.
"In Mexico, Women Go on Strike Nationwide to Protest Violence"	"Tens of thousands demanded government action to halt the killing of ten women every day, on average."
Haunted by a Gene	"For the first time, Nancy Wexler reveals that she has inherited the disease she has spent her life studying."
"For 4 Days, the Hospital Thought He Had Just Pneumonia. It Was Coronavirus."	The case of a New York lawyer shows how the virus can wreak havoc on a health facility and spread anxiety across a region.
"‘No More Visits,’ Urges Nursing Home Industry in Wake of Virus"	"With the deaths of 18 residents in a single nursing home in Washington State, industry leaders recommend strict limits on visits at nursing homes across the country."
‘It’s Just Everywhere Already’: How Delays in Testing Set Back the U.S. Coronavirus Response	"A series of missed chances by the federal government to ensure more widespread testing came during the early days of the outbreak, when containment would have been easier."
Open Windows. Don’t Share Food. Here’s the Government’s Coronavirus Advice.	"The Trump administration released several pages of simple behaviors for keeping schools, homes and businesses safe during a coronavirus outbreak."
"Putin Endorses Brazen Remedy to Extend His Rule, Possibly for Life"	"In a carefully scripted appearance, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia agreed he should be allowed to seek two more terms, if the Constitutional Court approves."
Canceled Because of Coronavirus: A Brief List	"Here’s a look at some major events around the world that have been canceled, postponed or moved because of concerns about the new coronavirus."
Travel and the Coronavirus: Answers to Your Top Questions	Contemplating travel right now is confusing. Here is advice from experts on how to navigate the changing landscape.
"Biden Takes Command of Race, Winning Four States Including Michigan"	"Joseph R. Biden Jr. widened his advantage over Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary race, capturing Mississippi and Missouri as well as Michigan, with support from both black and white voters."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Merkel Warns That Two-Thirds of Germans Could Become Infected	"The U.S. may extend tax deadline as infections pass 1,000. Italy remains on lockdown, and other European nations stepped up containment efforts."
‘What Are the Symptoms?’ ‘Is There a Cure?’ and Other Coronavirus Questions	Here’s what to do if you feel sick and are worried it may be the coronavirus.
"Stocks Plunge, With Dow in Bear Market: Live Updates"	"European shares were higher after a broad drop in Asia, but futures markets signaled a tough day on Wall Street."
Lack of Tests Is Hurting State’s Ability to Slow Coronavirus: Live Updates	Governor Cuomo said that the state had asked 28 private laboratories to prepare to begin testing.
Harvey Weinstein’s Stunning Downfall: 23 Years in Prison	"Mr. Weinstein, the movie mogul who was convicted of sex crimes, could very well spend the rest of his life behind bars."
Flattening the Coronavirus Curve	One chart explains why slowing the spread of the infection is nearly as important as stopping it.
Colleges and Universities Cancel Classes and Move Online Amid Coronavirus Fears	"With hundreds of cases and more than two dozen deaths from the virus in the U.S., officials are trying to limit its spread."
Tom Hanks Says He Has Coronavirus	"The actor said he and his wife, Rita Wilson, had tested positive while in Australia, where he is set to begin production on a film."
N.B.A. Suspends Season After Player Tests Positive for Coronavirus	The league said the suspension would begin after Wednesday night’s games.
U.S. to Suspend Most Travel From Europe as World Scrambles to Fight Pandemic	President Trump addressed the nation from the Oval Office on Wednesday night.
Behind Bernie Sanders’s Decision to Stay in the Race	"Mr. Sanders said he was not dropping out, but aides said he recognized time was running short. He listed a series of policy items in what could be seen as a wish list of concessions he would want."
How Right-Wing Pundits Are Covering Coronavirus	"Taking President Trump’s lead, many commentators have played down fears."
Elizabeth Warren Is Unlikely to Endorse Bernie Sanders. Here’s Why.	"Though Ms. Warren and Mr. Sanders agree on many progressive issues, her campaign has highlighted a rift over how they build political coalitions. And she doesn’t think he can win."
Merkel Gives Germans a Hard Truth About the Coronavirus	"The famously no-nonsense chancellor, keeping to form, braced Germany for an epidemic that may reach extraordinary scale."
What Does the Coronavirus Do to the Body?	Here’s what scientists have learned about how the new virus infects and attacks cells and how it can affect organs beyond the lungs.
N.B.A. Suspends Season After Player Tests Positive for Coronavirus	The league said the suspension would begin after Wednesday night’s games.
A ‘New Normal’ for Hospitals on the Front Lines Fighting Coronavirus	"A look inside the suburban hospital in Kirkland, Wash., where 15 coronavirus patients have died."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump’s Travel Restrictions, Italy in Lockdown and N.B.A. Suspension"	The World Health Organization declared a global pandemic. Tom Hanks tested positive for the coronavirus and the N.B.A. canceled its season over an infection concern.
Coronavirus and Plane Travel: What to Expect if You’re Flying	"If you are getting on an airplane, here’s what may have changed, both on the ground and in the air."
‘An Eviction Notice’: Chaos After Colleges Tell Students to Stay Away	"One after the other, like dominoes, colleges announced that because of coronavirus fears, they were suspending classes and asking students to pack up and go."
Alcoholics Anonymous vs. Other Approaches: The Evidence Is Now In	An updated review shows it performs better than some other common treatments and is less expensive.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Says Some Domestic Travel Could Be Curtailed, and Senate Cancels Recess"	"A Brazilian official tested positive days after being with the president and Vice President Mike Pence, as Americans returning from Europe are grappling with the prospect of self-quarantine for 14 days."
12 Steps to Tackle the Coronavirus	"President Trump and other health officials need to act immediately, while there is time."
Stocks Plunge by the Most Since 1987: Live Updates	"With global growth on the line, investors have been looking for world leaders to step in to keep the economic gears turning."
De Blasio Declares State of Emergency in New York City: Live Updates	The number of people who have tested positive continues to climb.
"‘If I’m Going to Get Sick and Die, I Might as Well Do It at Disney World’"	"Visitors to Disney World and Universal Studios recently seemed unfazed, even as its safety became an increasingly searched online question."
Here’s the Biggest Thing to Worry About With Coronavirus	"We don’t have enough ventilators and I.C.U. beds if there’s a significant surge of new cases. As with Italy, the health system could become overwhelmed."
"Tom Hanks Got Sick in Australia, Where Coronavirus Testing Isn’t Such a Hassle"	"In the United States, little if anything about the testing has been efficient or convenient. In Australia, it is free and widely available."
Disney Parks and Cruise Line Will Close in Response to Coronavirus	It is the first time Disney will close both Disneyland in California and Disney World in Florida since the Sept. 11 attacks.
"Something Weird Is Happening on Wall Street, and Not Just the Stock Sell-Off"	"A sinking feeling reminiscent of the global financial crisis, when all kinds of obscure markets went haywire."
A JetBlue Passenger Learned He Had the Coronavirus While on a Flight	"The passenger, who had previously been tested for the virus, boarded a flight from New York to Florida. He got a notification mid-flight that the results were positive, the airline said."
Trump and Pence Won’t Be Tested After Meeting With Infected Brazilian Official	"“Both the president and vice president had almost no interactions with the individual who tested positive,” the White House press secretary said."
Italy’s Health Care System Groans Under Coronavirus — a Warning to the World	"In less than three weeks, the virus has overloaded hospitals in northern Italy, offering a glimpse of what countries face if they cannot slow the contagion."
Coronavirus Live Updates: The Virus Reaches Into Halls of Power Around the World	"In the United States, Congress neared a deal with the White House on a sweeping economic rescue package. New York City declared a state of emergency and schools will close in at least six states."
Worst-Case Estimates for U.S. Coronavirus Deaths	Projections based on C.D.C. scenarios show a potentially vast toll. But those numbers don’t account for interventions now underway.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Declares National Emergency	"President Trump said he was making $50 billion in emergency funding available, lifting restrictions on doctors and hospitals and waiving interest on student loans. But prospects for a congressional bill to aid affected people remain unclear."
Congress Nears Stimulus Deal With White House as Wall Street Suffers Rout	House Democrats closed in on a compromise with the Trump administration that would provide paid sick leave and free testing as coronavirus fears fueled a steep sell-off in stocks.
It’s a MAGA Microbe Meltdown	Trump utterly fails to rise to his first real crisis.
How to Clean Your Phone to Help Protect Against Coronavirus	It’s one thing to stop touching your face. It’s another to stop touching the things that touch your face.
Sick People Across the U.S. Say They Are Being Denied the Coronavirus Test	"In a health care system that is already difficult to navigate, some patients describe Kafkaesque quests for tests."
The President as Bystander: Trump Struggles to Unify a Nation on Edge	"School superintendents, sports commissioners, college presidents, governors and business owners have taken it upon themselves to shut down much of American life without clear guidance from the president."
Stocks Rally as Trump and Business Leaders Pledge Support	"The S&P 500 rose more than 9 percent, making Friday its best day since 2008."
Why Soap Works	"At the molecular level, soap breaks things apart. At the level of society, it helps hold everything together."
De Blasio Stays Firm on Keeping N.Y.C. Schools Open as Outbreak Spreads	Attendance plunged in New York City schools and the number of coronavirus cases climbed above 400.
China Bought the West Time. The West Squandered It.	Why did so many countries watch the epidemic unfold for weeks as though it was none of their concern?
China Spins Tale That the U.S. Army Started the Coronavirus Epidemic	"After criticizing American officials for politicizing the pandemic, Chinese officials and news outlets have floated unfounded theories that the United States was the source of the virus."
Trump Falsely Tries to Tie Obama to C.D.C.’s ‘Inadequate’ Testing System	"President Trump, who took office in 2017, criticized the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and his predecessor."
Is There Really a Toilet Paper Shortage?	The household staple has consistently been out of stock during the coronavirus outbreak. Manufacturers may not be willing to increase supplies.
They’ve Contained the Coronavirus. Here’s How.	"Singapore, Taiwan and Hong Kong have brought outbreaks under control — and without resorting to China’s draconian measures."
Spain Becomes Latest Epicenter of Coronavirus After a Faltering Response	"The government declared a state of emergency Friday, days after it allowed mass gatherings in the capital and cases jumped to 4,200."
"He Has 17,700 Bottles of Hand Sanitizer and Nowhere to Sell Them"	"Amazon cracked down on coronavirus price gouging. Now, while the rest of the world searches, some sellers are holding stockpiles of sanitizer and masks."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Outbreak Reaches 49 States; Apple to Shut Most Stores	"The House passed a sweeping relief package that includes free virus testing for those who lack insurance. Apple said it would close its stores worldwide, except in China."
Fox Business Benches Trish Regan After Outcry Over Coronavirus Comments	The host of “Trish Regan Primetime” told viewers this week that concerns about the coronavirus were “yet another attempt to impeach the president.”
Coronavirus Live Updates: France Closes Most Businesses and Spain Moves Toward Locking Down	"President Trump says he’s been tested, New York reports its first virus-related death, and a cruise ship exposed to the virus is heading to France."
"As Europe Shuts Down, Britain Takes a Different, and Contentious, Approach"	"Prime Minister Boris Johnson has largely kept Britain open, opting for more targeted measures, a strategy that has startled some epidemiologists."
"Please, Don’t Go Out to the Bars Tonight"	Gathering in groups right now is selfish and puts the lives of others at risk.
"Seeking Advice on the Coronavirus, Jared Kushner Enlists a Doctor in the Family"	"Dr. Kurt Kloss, whose daughter, the model Karlie Kloss, is married to Mr. Kushner’s brother, solicited suggestions from a medical Facebook group."
2 New York State Lawmakers Test Positive for Coronavirus	"The number of confirmed cases in the state is now 613, including 269 in New York City, officials said."
There’s a Giant Hole in Pelosi’s Coronavirus Bill	The legislation passed by the House doesn’t actually guarantee paid sick leave to most American workers.
They Knew Saber-toothed Tigers Were Big. Then They Found This Skull.	The find suggests that the prehistoric predators might have been able to feed on even the most giant prey of the Pleistocene era.
"On a Saturday Night in Florida, a Presidential Party Became a Coronavirus Hot Zone"	A weekend getaway at Mar-a-Lago put the president in contact with several people who later tested positive for the virus. The White House physician said the president had tested negative for the virus.
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished	Ren Zhiqiang appears to be the latest government critic silenced by the Communist Party as it cracks down on dissent over the epidemic.
How Every House Member Voted on the Coronavirus Relief Bill	"The sweeping legislation passed the House, 363-40, and will allow for free testing, paid sick leave, stronger unemployment benefits and food security assistance."
How to Protect Older People From the Coronavirus	"People over 60, and especially over 80, are particularly vulnerable to severe or fatal infection. Here are some steps to reduce their risk."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Chaos at U.S. Airports; Nike to Close Stores in North America	Passengers on U.S. flights from Europe are waiting hours to go through enhanced health screening.
The Companies Putting Profits Ahead of Public Health	"As the coronavirus spreads, the public interest requires employers to abandon their longstanding resistance to paid sick leave."
Coronavirus Live Updates: New Restrictions on International Travel Brings Chaos to Many Airports	A top U.S. health official urges personal sacrifices to avert a ‘worst-case scenario.’ Italy’s cases and deaths jump.
France Warns Against Use of Anti-Inflammatory Drugs to Tackle Coronavirus	France's health minister on Saturday said people should not use anti-inflammatory drugs if they have coronavirus-like symptoms because it could worsen their condition.
New York City to Close Public Schools	The move is the most far-reaching and disruptive the city has taken to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Andrew Cuomo to President Trump: Mobilize the Military to Help Fight Coronavirus	The time is growing short and fewer options are available. Using federal troops to help create hospital beds is one we should try.
Two Emergency Room Doctors Are in Critical Condition With Coronavirus	"The hospitalizations sharpen fears that the nation’s front-line medical workers could be uniquely vulnerable, a health care organization said."
The Ecology of Disease	"A developing model of infectious disease shows that most epidemics — AIDS, Ebola, West Nile, SARS, Lyme disease — are a result of things people do to nature."
Trump Oversold a Google Site to Fight Coronavirus	"After Jared Kushner liked the idea, President Trump inflated the concept. The disconnect is the latest example of the president exaggerating or making wholly inaccurate statements about his administration’s response."
"The Man With 17,700 Bottles of Hand Sanitizer Just Donated Them"	A Tennessee man had planned to sell his stockpile at marked-up prices online. Now he is under investigation for price gouging.
Highlights From the March Democratic Debate	"The debate between Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders was hosted by CNN and Univision. It took place in Washington, D.C., because of concerns over the coronavirus."
"Your Money and the Coronavirus: You Asked, Experts Answered"	"Advice on stocks, bonds and cash; timing the market; selling a house; whom to trust — and more."
Coronavirus Cost to Businesses and Workers: ‘It Has All Gone to Hell’	"As the outbreak forces the cancellation of trips, nights out and large gatherings, economic damage is mounting across the country."
A Complete List of Trump’s Attempts to Play Down Coronavirus	He could have taken action. He didn’t.
Coronavirus Live Updates: World Closes In on Itself as Measures to Slow Virus Intensify	The Centers for Disease Control recommends that all gatherings of more than 50 people be banned. European nations seal their borders. And public life is severely curtailed.
"U.S. Offered ‘Large Sum’ to German Company for Access to Coronavirus Vaccine Research, German Officials Say"	"The United States says it will share any vaccine breakthroughs with the world, but German officials appeared rattled by its reported overture to a biotech firm."
Stocks Drop as Grim Economic Outlook Grips Markets: Live Updates	"Stocks dropped even as central banks tried to prop up economies, indicating the tactics that helped in past financial crises might not work against a global pandemic."
"Coronavirus Travel Restrictions, Across the Globe"	"Nations across the world have imposed travel restrictions to curb the spread of the coronavirus. Here, the current list of countries limiting entry."
Stocks Plummet as Grim Economic Outlook Grips Markets: Live Updates	"Stocks dropped even as central banks tried to prop up economies, indicating the tactics that helped in past financial crises might not work against a global pandemic."
Live Updates: Number of Coronavirus Deaths in New York Climbs	Mayor Bill de Blasio said that New York City was taking several steps to increase the number of available hospital beds.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Says to Limit Gatherings to 10 People	President Trump announced new guidelines and European nations sealed their borders. Bay Area counties were expected to direct millions of residents to stay at home.
‘There Is Plenty of Food in the Country’	"Americans have been alarmed by empty grocery shelves, but while food suppliers and retailers say they are struggling with surging demand, they insist the supply chain remains strong."
Coronavirus Is Hiding in Plain Sight	"For every known case of coronavirus, another five to 10 cases are out there undetected, a new study suggests."
Don’t Feel Sorry for the Airlines	"Before providing them any assistance, we must demand that they change how they treat their customers and employees."
McConnell Has a Request for Veteran Federal Judges: Please Quit	The Senate majority leader has encouraged judges thinking about stepping down to do so soon to ensure that Republicans confirm their replacements this year.
Trump to Governors on Ventilators: ‘Try Getting It Yourselves’	"On a conference call with the nation’s governors, President Trump said they should try to get ventilators on their own ahead of an expected crush of coronavirus cases."
"Italy’s Coronavirus Victims Face Death Alone, With Funerals Postponed"	"As morgues are inundated, coffins pile up and mourners grieve in isolation: ‘‘This is the bitterest part.’’"
White House Takes New Line After Dire Report on Death Toll	Federal guidelines warned against gatherings of more than 10 people as a London report predicted high fatalities in the U.S. without drastic action.
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Urges Restrictions; Nations Lock Down	"Countries across the globe are closing their borders, restricting travel, locking down cities and banning gatherings. In the United States, President Trump recommended limiting groups to fewer than 10 people."
"India Scrambles to Escape a Coronavirus Crisis. So Far, It’s Working."	Fears are growing about what happens if community transmission takes off in the crowded areas of the world’s second-most-populous nation.
Coronavirus Live Updates: White House Seeks $850 Billion Stimulus as E.U. Bans Most Travelers	"The number of known cases of the coronavirus in the U.S. has surpassed 5,000 as testing, which was initially limited, has expanded, according to a New York Times database that is tracking every identified case in the country."
China Announces That It Will Expel American Journalists	The announcement comes weeks after President Trump limited the number of Chinese citizens who can work in the United States for five state-run Chinese news organizations.
"N.Y.C. May ‘Shelter in Place’ as Virus Spreads, Mayor Warns: Live Updates"	"New York, New Jersey and Connecticut remain under drastic restrictions and shutdowns."
Inside the Coronavirus Response: A Case Study in the White House Under Trump	"Infighting, turf wars and a president more concerned with the stock market and media coverage than policy have defined the Trump White House. They have also defined how it has handled a pandemic."
Stocks Rebound From Monday’s Collapse: Live Markets Updates	Investors are still looking to Washington for a large scale effort to help businesses and workers affected by the virus outbreak. 
Why Telling People They Don’t Need Masks Backfired	"To help manage the shortage, the authorities sent a message that made them untrustworthy."
Trump Now Claims He Always Knew the Coronavirus Would Be a Pandemic	The president tried to rewrite his history with advising Americans about the coronavirus. His own words prove him wrong.
Trump amenaza con cerrar la frontera con México la próxima semana	"El presidente estadounidense, Donald Trump, aseguró que cerrará por completo los pasos fronterizos la siguiente semana pues considera que el gobierno mexicano no está frenando la migración. No es la primera vez que hace este tipo de declaraciones."
Trump Slowly Enlisting More Agencies in ‘Whole of Government’ Response to Virus	"Hospital ships stayed in port, veterans hospitals awaited orders and requests for help went unanswered, as much of the government remained on the sidelines."
How Long Will Coronavirus Live on Surfaces or in the Air Around You?	A new study could have implications for how the general public and health care workers try to avoid transmission of the virus.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Nations Pledge Trillions to Stave Off Economic Catastrophe	"The death toll in the U.S. passed 100 as the White House issued stimulus plans that included sending $1,000 to every American. New York City’s mayor says a “shelter in place” order is being considered."
U.S. Virus Plan Anticipates 18-Month Pandemic and Widespread Shortages	The 100-page federal plan laid out a grim prognosis and outlined a response that would activate agencies across the government.
"The Coronavirus Is Here to Stay, So What Happens Next?"	There may be two to four more rounds of social distancing before this is over. Here’s what to expect.
Children and Coronavirus: Research Finds Some Become Seriously Ill	"A study of more than 2,000 children with the virus in China found that babies were especially vulnerable to developing severe infection."
Is Ibuprofen Really Risky for Coronavirus Patients?	Experts are puzzling over a claim made by France’s health minister.
The Single Most Important Lesson From the 1918 Influenza	Containment — the attempt to limit spread of a virus and even eliminate it — has failed.
Fed Announces More Loans as Investor Alarm Persists: Live Updates	Hopes for an enormous stimulus package from Washington could not overcome worries about the world economy.
Younger Adults Comprise Big Portion of Coronavirus Hospitalizations in U.S.	New C.D.C. data showed that nearly 40 percent of patients sick enough to be hospitalized were aged 20 to 54. But the risk of dying was significantly higher in older people.
"Coronavirus Cases in N.Y.C. Near 2,000 as Testing Expands"	"Midway through a grim week, the virus continued to spread quickly."
"My Coronavirus Test: 5 Days, a Dozen Calls, Hours of Confusion"	The symptoms have been easy to deal with. The health care system has not.
I’m a Doctor in Italy. We Have Never Seen Anything Like This.	My country’s health care system may soon collapse.
"Coronavirus Ravages 7 Members of a Single Family, Killing 3"	The matriarch of the large New Jersey family died Wednesday night without ever knowing that her two oldest children had died before her.
"Well Played, Bernie Sanders"	"But for the sake of the Democratic Party and the nation, it’s time to step aside and join forces with Joe Biden."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: As Virus Spreads Swiftly Worldwide, China Reports Zero New Infections"	"The White House is seeking $500 billion in direct payments to taxpayers and President Trump invoked a wartime law to press companies to make medical supplies. Britain, bracing for a surge, puts 20,000 troops on standby."
What Does the Coronavirus Do to the Body?	Here’s what scientists have learned about how the new virus infects and attacks cells and how it can affect organs beyond the lungs.
A Promising Treatment for Coronavirus Fails	"Researchers had hoped that antiviral drugs would help patients, but a new study from China said that one antiviral drug combination didn’t work."
A New York Doctor’s Coronavirus Warning: The Sky Is Falling	Alarmist is not a word anyone has ever used to describe me before. But this is different.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Italy’s Death Toll Surpasses China’s as State Dept. Is Expected to Warn Against Travel Abroad	"As U.S. cases soared past 10,000 and doctors pleaded for protective gear, the president said the government had “slashed red tape” to try to expand trials for possible treatments. Last year, the U.S. tested its pandemic response and found substantial shortcomings that have been further exposed by the current crisis."
China Hits a Coronavirus Milestone: No New Local Infections	"All of the new cases reported on Thursday involved people who had come to China from elsewhere, the government said."
The Accusations Were Lies. But Could We Prove It?	"When the university told my wife about the sexual-harassment complaints against her, we knew they weren’t true. We had no idea how strange the truth really was."
Need a Coronavirus Test? Being Rich and Famous May Help	"A shortage in testing has left sick people and health care workers around the U.S. without answers. Yet the list of celebrity patients grows every day, raising questions about privileged access."
"Coronavirus Cases in N.Y.C. Near 4,000; Brooklyn Count Soars: Live Updates"	"A surge in new infections coincided with an increase in testing capacity in New York State, and Connecticut delayed its primary."
I Refuse to Run a Coronavirus Home School	"My kids are watching TV, playing video games and eating cookies. It’s fine."
Who Qualifies for Paid Leave Under the New Coronavirus Law	It is the first time the U.S. will have broad federally mandated paid leave. But some will be excluded from the emergency measure.
"Before Virus Outbreak, a Cascade of Warnings Went Unheeded"	"Government exercises, including one last year, made clear that the U.S. was not ready for a pandemic like the coronavirus. But little was done."
Her Facebook Friends Asked If Anyone Was Actually Sick. She Had an Answer.	Heaven Frilot is normally a private person. But this is not a normal time. So she and her husband are now the face of the coronavirus for their conservative Louisiana community.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: In California, 40 Million Ordered to Stay Home"	"The governor of California banned gatherings and nonessential businesses closed. In Texas, the authorities closed schools and banned dining at restaurants. Overseas, the virus has killed more people in Italy than in China."
Senator Richard Burr Sold a Fortune in Stocks as G.O.P. Played Down Coronavirus Threat	"After the sales in February, the North Carolina Republican warned a group that the virus could soon cause a major disruption in the United States. Three other senators also sold major holdings around the same time."
Cuomo Orders Tighter Restrictions in New York: Live Updates	The governor ordered most businesses to keep all workers home and told New Yorkers to stay indoors.
They. Sold. Their. Stock.	"They could have made a difference, but they made a profit."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: One After Another, States Are Ordering Residents to Mostly Stay Indoors"	"New Jersey, Connecticut and Illinois were preparing to follow the lead set by California and New York in telling people to stay mostly inside. The Federal Reserve moved to backstop municipal money market funds, and the U.S. was set to close borders with Mexico and Canada."
"The Best-Case Outcome for the Coronavirus, and the Worst"	Will we endure 2.2 million deaths? Or will we manage to turn things around?
Gov. Gavin Newsom of California Orders Californians to Stay at Home	"In making the announcement, Mr. Newsom has taken the most drastic step of any state leader to slow the spread of the coronavirus."
Starbucks Is Closing Cafes: Live Business Updates	Financial markets have been on a roller coaster as investors react to the spread of the coronavirus and efforts to protect the economy.
A Different Way to Chart the Spread of Coronavirus	Those skyrocketing curves tell an alarming story. But logarithmic graphs can help reveal when the pandemic begins to slow.
Coronavirus in N.Y.: ‘Deluge’ of Cases Begins Hitting Hospitals	"There are already critical shortages: A Bronx hospital is running out of ventilators. In Brooklyn, doctors are reusing masks."
Is Our Fight Against Coronavirus Worse Than the Disease?	There may be more targeted ways to beat the pandemic.
América Latina puede convertirse en la mayor víctima del COVID-19	La región es una de las que menos invierte en la salud pública. ¿Cómo podrán los países latinoamericanos hacerle frente al coronavirus?
Coronavirus Live Updates: Stay-at-Home Orders Spread as U.S. Death Toll Passes 200	"One in five Americans will soon be required to stay indoors as New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Illinois join California in severely restricting residents’ movement."
"The Best-Case Outcome for the Coronavirus, and the Worst"	Will we endure 2.2 million deaths? Or will we manage to turn things around?
"News Quiz: Coronavirus, Democratic Primaries, Earthquake"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
"Coronavirus Live Updates: With Known U.S. Cases Surging Above 21,000, Pressure for Federal Aid Mounts"	President Trump applauds voluntary help from companies as medical officials in a number of states warn of dwindling supplies of crucial gear and equipment. One in four Americans is being asked to stay indoors.
How It All Came Apart for Bernie Sanders	The Sanders campaign appeared on the brink of a commanding lead in the Democratic race. But a series of fateful decisions and internal divisions have left him all but vanquished.
"Italy, Pandemic’s New Epicenter, Has Lessons for the World"	"The country’s experience shows that steps to isolate the coronavirus and limit people’s movement need to be put in place early, with absolute clarity, then strictly enforced."
"N.Y. Weighs Four Temporary Hospitals Sites, Including Javits Center"	"Gov. Andrew Cuomo said one million face masks were being sent to hospitals in New York City and another 500,000 to Long Island."
Trump’s Embrace of Unproven Drugs to Treat Coronavirus Defies Science	Doctors and patients also worry that the president’s rosy outlook for the treatments will exacerbate shortages of old malaria drugs relied on by patients with lupus and other debilitating conditions.
Call Trump’s News Conferences What They Are: Propaganda	"Then contrast them with the leadership shown by Andrew Cuomo, Justin Trudeau and Angela Merkel."
‘I’m So Sorry I Worked for This Guy’: Ex-Staffers React to Bloomberg Reversal on Field Organizers	"The former New York mayor, announcing he would donate $18 million to the Democratic National Committee, abandoned a plan to employ his campaign organizers through November."
‘Terrified’ Package Delivery Employees Are Going to Work Sick	"Truckers and warehouse workers at UPS and FedEx feel they have no choice but to keep showing up, even with coronavirus-like symptoms."
Thank God the Doctor Is In	"Peeking out our windows, we see America shriveling."
"Used to Meeting Challenges With Bluster and Force, Trump Confronts a Crisis Unlike Any Before"	"The ways he dealt with crises in his business, real estate and even his personal life prove jarring as he leads the government’s response to a pandemic."
"I Spent a Year in Space, and I Have Tips on Isolation to Share"	Take it from someone who couldn’t: Go outside.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Global Alarm as the Toll Continues to Rise	"Italy’s numbers are soaring, Spanish hospitals are overflowing, and a W.H.O. expert says lockdowns are not enough."
"Trump Writes to Kim Jong-un Offering Help in Virus Fight, North Korea Says"	"The North, which says it is waging an all-out campaign against the coronavirus, expressed “sincere gratitude” for the president’s letter."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Fighting on Capitol Hill Threatens Vast Stimulus Package, as Governors Plead for Supplies"	"New York State has 15,000 cases, roughly 5 percent of the pandemic’s growing global total. As testing capacity grows, so are case numbers around the country."
How to Clean Your Home for Coronavirus	"It takes only a few minutes, but cleaning high-traffic surfaces once a day can make a difference in preventing the spread of infection."
Lost Sense of Smell May Be Peculiar Clue to Coronavirus Infection	"Doctor groups are recommending testing and isolation for people who lose their ability to smell and taste, even if they have no other symptoms."
"You Can Take Care of Yourself in Coronavirus Quarantine or Isolation, Starting Right Now"	"Six things you can do right at this moment, along with some simple exercise equipment to get for your house."
Here’s What Calling in the National Guard Means	"The coronavirus outbreak has prompted dozens of governors to activate the National Guard. The sight of troops has stoked fears of a military-enforced quarantine, but the orders have been more mundane."
The Coronavirus’s Rampage Through a Suburban Nursing Home	Two-thirds of Life Care Center’s residents and 47 of its workers fell ill. Thirty-five people died. We investigated what went wrong.
New York Has Roughly 5% of Coronavirus Cases Worldwide	The increase in cases stems from both the rapid growth of the outbreak and significantly increased testing in the state.
A Plan to Get America Back to Work	"Some experts say it can be done in weeks, not months — and the economy and public health are at stake."
"Deniers and Disbelievers: ‘If I Get Corona, I Get Corona.’"	Many have ignored the urgent calls for social distancing. How much they are worsening the coronavirus outbreak may never be known.
"The Virus Can Be Stopped, but Only With Harsh Steps, Experts Say"	Scientists who have fought pandemics describe difficult measures needed to defend the United States against a fast-moving pathogen.
Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Region Is Now an Epicenter of Global Pandemic	"New York City and its suburbs account for roughly 5 percent of global cases, forcing officials to take urgent steps to stem the outbreak."
Rupert Murdoch Put His Son in Charge of Fox. It Was a Dangerous Mistake.	The 48-year-old Lachlan Murdoch stood by as Fox News hosts played down the danger of the deadly coronavirus to their viewers.
Coronavirus Live Updates: World Leaders Beg Public to Stay Home; U.S. Lawmakers Fight Over Aid	Spain’s health system is under strain as medical workers fall ill. U.S. governors pleaded for protective gear. New York City’s mayor said hospitals were “10 days away from running out of really basic supplies.”
Coronavirus Live Updates: Global Leaders Beg Public to Stay Home; Fed Vows to Buy as Much Debt as Needed	"Spain’s health system is under strain as medical workers fall ill. A $1.8 trillion relief package is stalled in Congress. “We cannot let the cure be worse than the problem itself,” President Trump said."
Trump Says Coronavirus Cure Cannot ‘Be Worse Than the Problem Itself’	"The president, who has watched the economy plunge amid social distancing measures, says restrictions will be reassessed."
"Spit On, Yelled At, Attacked: Chinese-Americans Fear for Their Safety"	"As bigots blame them for the coronavirus and President Trump labels it the “Chinese virus,” many Chinese-Americans say they are terrified of what could come next."
I’m 26. Coronavirus Sent Me to the Hospital.	"Millennials: If you can’t stay at home for others, do it for yourselves."
Coronavirus Patients in Limbo as Gilead Suspends Emergency Drug Access	"The company says it will switch to a broader approach for its experimental drug, remdesivir. But it was overwhelmed by demand for a potential treatment promoted by President Trump."
Acting in ‘The Walking Dead’ Didn’t Prepare Me for Coronavirus	"When I couldn’t get tested, I realized how close we are to a real-life apocalypse."
Scientists Identify 69 Drugs to Test Against the Coronavirus	"Two dozen of the medicines are already under investigation. Also on the list: chloroquine, a drug used to treat malaria."
Coronavirus ‘Attack Rate’ in N.Y. Concerns White House	The New York City region is now an epicenter of the pandemic.
The Coronavirus Bailout Stalled. And It’s Mitch McConnell’s Fault.	Senate Republicans are blocking passage of an economic bailout plan that protects jobs and wages.
Party Zero: How a Soirée in Connecticut Became a ‘Super Spreader’	"About 50 people gathered this month for a party in the upscale suburb of Westport, then scattered across the region and the world, taking the coronavirus with them."
How South Korea Flattened the Curve	"The country showed that it is possible to contain the coronavirus without shutting down the economy, but experts are unsure whether its lessons can work abroad."
"Trump Has Given Unusual Leeway to Fauci, but Aides Say He’s Losing His Patience"	The president has become increasingly concerned as Dr. Anthony S. Fauci has grown bolder in correcting his falsehoods about the spread of the coronavirus.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Olympics Postponed; New York City Braces for a Deluge of Patients	A debate is growing over the costs of lockdowns. Officials warned that New York was experiencing a virus “attack rate” five times that elsewhere in the United States. Washington edged closer to a $2 trillion relief package.
"Trump Considers Reopening Economy, Over Health Experts’ Objections"	"The president is questioning whether stay-at-home orders have gone too far. But relaxing them could significantly increase the death toll from the coronavirus, health officials warn."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: As India Imposes 21-Day Lockdown, Trump Calls for U.S. to Be Open ‘by Easter’"	"The Tokyo Olympics have been postponed. New York, now the center of the outbreak in America, braces for a flood of patients. The playwright Terrence McNally dies of complications from the coronavirus."
"Man Fatally Poisons Himself While Self-Medicating for Coronavirus, Doctor Says"	"An Arizona man and his wife ingested a fish tank cleaning additive made with the same active ingredient as chloroquine phosphate, which President Trump has referred to as a “game changer.”"
Fourteen Days. That’s the Most Time We Have to Defeat Coronavirus.	These decisive measures can prevent a decade of dislocation and extraordinary levels of deaths.
You’ve Got Mail. Will You Get the Coronavirus?	The practice of disinfecting mail dates back to the invention of quarantine. There’s little evidence it needs to be invoked today.
What I Learned When My Husband Got Sick With Coronavirus	"Our world became one of isolation, round-the-clock care, panic and uncertainty — even as society carried on around us with all too few changes."
White House Tells Travelers From New York to Isolate as City Cases Soar	Federal officials said that anyone who left New York recently should self-quarantine at home for 14 days.
I’m on the Front Lines. I Have No Plan for This.	We’re not allowing visitors in the I.C.U. My patients will suffer in solitary confinement.
Coronavirus Live Updates: White House and Congress Reach $2 Trillion Stimulus Deal	"The legislation, which will send direct payments and jobless benefits to individuals, is the biggest economic stimulus package in modern American history."
Trump to New York: Drop Dead	"Untold thousands will likely die, absent federal intervention. And it needs to happen this instant. Why won’t the president help?"
Congress and White House Strike Deal for $2 Trillion Stimulus Package	"The plan would provide direct payments to taxpayers, jobless benefits and a $500 billion fund to assist distressed businesses, with oversight requirements demanded by Democrats."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Senate Moves Toward Passing Sweeping $2 Trillion Aid Deal	"People fleeing New York to other parts of the country were told to quarantine themselves for 14 days. Prince Charles has the virus. The number of deaths in Spain — more than 3,400 — surpassed the toll in China."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Debate Over Jobless Benefits Stalls Senate Vote on $2 Trillion Aid Package	Four Republican senators said they believed the bill could incentivize employees to leave their jobs and go on unemployment. Senate leaders still hoped to vote on the measure later Wednesday.
5 Key Things in the $2 Trillion Coronavirus Stimulus Package	"The largest economic stimulus measure in modern history would authorize direct payments to taxpayers and loans to small businesses, and create a $500 billion corporate bailout fund."
13 Deaths in a Day: An ‘Apocalyptic’ Coronavirus Surge at an N.Y.C. Hospital	Hospitals in the city are facing the kind of harrowing increases in cases that overwhelmed health care systems in China and Italy.
Shutdown Spotlights Economic Cost of Saving Lives	President Trump and others have asked if halting normal life and commerce to fight the coronavirus is worth the cost. Here’s how economists figure it.
"How Cuomo, Once on Sidelines, Became the Politician of the Moment"	"With his coronavirus briefings, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has emerged as an authoritative voice in the crisis."
Coronavirus Is Advancing. All Americans Need to Shelter in Place.	The worst of the pandemic is yet to come. Listen to the medical experts. It’s time for a national lockdown.
"Man Who Said, ‘If I Get Corona, I Get Corona,’ Apologizes"	A beachgoer whose defiance of social distancing guidelines drew widespread attention said that he had not been “aware of the severity of my actions and comments.”
Can You Become Immune to the Coronavirus?	"It’s likely you can, at least for some period of time. That is opening new opportunities for testing and treatment."
"Brooklyn High School Principal, 36, Dies from Coronavirus"	The “healthy and vibrant” high school head Dez-Ann Romain was the first apparent death of a public school employee from the virus.
De Blasio Calls Stimulus Deal’s Treatment of N.Y.C. ‘Immoral’	"The mayor joined Governor Cuomo in criticizing the $2 trillion package for shortchanging New York, the U.S. epicenter of the coronavirus crisis."
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Jobless Claims Are Highest Ever; House to Take Up $2 Trillion Stimulus	"The Senate approved a bill that promises a $1,200 payout to millions of Americans. Hospitals in New York and New Orleans struggle to cope. London is seeing a surge in patients, and deaths in Spain passed 4,000."
"F.A.Q. on Stimulus Checks, Unemployment and the Coronavirus Bill"	The Senate relief bill would send money to Americans and greatly expand unemployment coverage.
A Cruel Motive for a Costly Delay	Republican senators threatened to block trillions of dollars in aid amid the coronavirus pandemic to deprive low-wage workers of needed help.
Venezuelan Leader Maduro Is Charged in the U.S. With Drug Trafficking	Federal prosecutors accused President Nicolás Maduro of participating in a narco-terrorism conspiracy in a major escalation of the Trump administration’s efforts to pressure him to leave office.
Who Knew Grocery Shopping Could Be So Stressful?	"Pushing a shopping cart, braving crowded aisles and even unpacking bags feel perilous. Here’s our guide to shopping during the coronavirus crisis."
The U.S. Now Leads the World in Confirmed Coronavirus Cases	"Following a series of missteps, the nation is now the epicenter of the pandemic."
"N.Y.C. Death Toll Hits 365 as Case Count Tops 23,000: Live Updates"	Governor Cuomo said that one factor in the rising death toll across the state was older patients staying on ventilators longer.
"New Orleans Faces a Virus Nightmare, and Mardi Gras May Be Why"	Louisiana may be experiencing the world’s fastest growth in new cases. Medical experts said Mardi Gras might have accelerated the crisis.
PRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATION.; The Habeas Corpus Suspended Throughout the United States in Certain Specified Cases.	"Proclamation Suspending the Writ of Habeas Corpus Throughout the U. S., except in Certain Cases"
Fine Print of Stimulus Bill Contains Special Deals for Industries	"Small banks, retailers and for-profit colleges got provisions they wanted. So did Boeing. Among those who could potentially benefit: President Trump’s company."
G.M. Suspends Production Indefinitely and Cuts Paychecks	Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.
‘We’re in Disaster Mode’: Courage Inside a Brooklyn Hospital Confronting Coronavirus	"Test kits and protective gear have been in short supply, doctors are falling sick, and every day gets more difficult. But the staff keeps showing up."
A N.Y. Nurse Dies. Angry Co-Workers Blame a Lack of Protective Gear.	"“I’m okay. Don’t tell Mom and Dad. They’ll worry,” he wrote to his sister. He may be the first nurse in New York City to die from the coronavirus."
Doctors Are Writing Their Wills	"“You feel radioactive,” say doctors who are treating coronavirus patients while trying, desperately, to protect their own families."
"After Considering $1 Billion Price Tag for Ventilators, White House Has Second Thoughts"	A deal with General Motors and Ventec Life Systems to produce tens of thousands of the critical lifesaving devices seemed imminent. Then the announcement was pulled back.
Coronavirus Live Updates: House Set to Vote on $2 Trillion Relief Package as New Infections Soar	"The United States has the most detected cases in the world. States are pleading for supplies as cases spike outside of New York City. And health workers, short on protective gear, face growing dangers the world over."
The Road to Coronavirus Hell Was Paved by Evangelicals	Trump’s response to the pandemic has been haunted by the science denialism of his ultraconservative religious allies.
We’re Sharing Coronavirus Case Data for Every U.S. County	"With no detailed government database on where the thousands of coronavirus cases have been reported, a team of New York Times journalists is attempting to track every case."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Cases Top 100,000; Trump Signs $2 Trillion Relief Bill"	"President Trump, who had questioned the need for additional ventilators, pushes industry to make more. A new survey of mayors finds dire shortages of urgently needed medical supplies. And in Britain, Prime Minister Boris Johnson tested positive."
"Bonanza for Rich Real Estate Investors, Tucked Into Stimulus Package"	A small change to tax policy could hand $170 billion in tax savings to real estate tycoons.
"E.P.A., Citing Coronavirus, Drastically Relaxes Rules for Polluters"	The agency said it would not penalize companies that violate rules on monitoring and reporting pollution discharges. 
An Open Letter to President Trump	"The nation craves a plan, not hunches."
I Became a Disciplined Investor Over 40 Years. The Virus Broke Me in 40 Days.	I’ve survived — and even prospered through — four stock-market crashes. But nothing prepared me for this.
"Trish Regan, Fox Business Host Who Dismissed Virus Concerns, Departs"	The host of “Trish Regan Primetime” had said concerns about the coronavirus were “yet another attempt to impeach the president.”
De Blasio Threatens Fines for Social-Distance Violators: Live Updates	"Officials said late Friday that the number of coronavirus cases in New York City had climbed above 26,000. The city’s death toll was 450."
I Am Hospitalized With the Coronavirus	"As a generally healthy 45-year-old, I didn’t seem like a probable Covid-19 candidate."
Seattle Is Living Your Coronavirus Future	"This city is well ahead of the rest of the nation in the cycle of denial, panic, action."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Over 600,000 Cases Worldwide as Hospital Ship Prepares to Head to New York"	"Caseloads are growing in states across the U.S., with 17 now reporting more than 1,000 cases. Spain and Italy’s death tolls surged. The largest economic stimulus package in modern U.S. history is in effect."
More Americans Should Probably Wear Masks for Protection	Experts have started to question whether masks may offer at least some protection to healthy individuals and essential workers.
Medical Expert Who Corrects Trump Is Now a Target of the Far Right	"Dr. Anthony Fauci, the administration’s most outspoken advocate of emergency virus measures, faces a torrent of false claims that he is mobilizing to undermine the president."
‘Women Will Not Be Forced to Be Alone When They Are Giving Birth’	"In response to some private hospitals’ decision to bar partners, New York will order all hospitals to allow partners in delivery rooms, despite the coronavirus risk."
‘White-Collar Quarantine’ Over Virus Spotlights Class Divide	"Child care options, internet access and extra living space leave a gulf between rich and poor in coping with disruptions to school and work."
"A Heart Attack? No, It Was the Coronavirus"	"Cardiologists are seeing infected patients whose worst symptoms are not respiratory, but cardiac."
Trump Suggests He Can Gag Inspector General for Stimulus Bailout Program	"In a signing statement, the president undermined a key safeguard Democrats had insisted upon as a condition of approving $500 billion in corporate relief in the $2 trillion law."
Trump Backtracks After Cuomo Criticizes Quarantine Idea	Gov. Andrew Cuomo compared the president’s suggestion that he was considering a quarantine on the New York region to “a declaration of war on states.”
The Lost Month: How a Failure to Test Blinded the U.S. to Covid-19	"Aggressive screening might have helped contain the coronavirus in the United States. But technical flaws, regulatory hurdles and lapses in leadership let it spread undetected for weeks."
Coronavirus Crisis Awakens a Sleeping Giant: China’s Youth	How the ruling Communist Party manages the coming months will help shape how hundreds of millions of young people see its authoritarian political bargain for decades to come.
"In the Coronavirus Fight in Scandinavia, Sweden Stands Apart"	The country has drawn global attention with an unorthodox approach while its neighbors have imposed extensive restrictions.
"N.Y.C.’s 911 System Is Overwhelmed. ‘I’m Terrified,’ a Paramedic Says."	"With coronavirus cases mounting, emergency workers are making life-or-death decisions about who goes to a hospital, and who is left behind."
Analyzing the Patterns in Trump’s Falsehoods About Coronavirus	"For months, the president has downplayed the severity of the pandemic, overstated the impact of his policies and potential treatments, blamed others and tried to rewrite the history of his response."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Retreats on Quarantine Threat; India’s Lockdown Brings Chaos and Hunger	"The U.S. health department’s civil rights office is opening investigations to ensure that states don’t allow discrimination on the basis of disabilities, race or age when deciding who receives lifesaving care."
The U.S. Tried to Build a New Fleet of Ventilators. The Mission Failed.	"As the coronavirus spreads, the collapse of the project helps explain America’s acute shortage."
"Liberty University Brings Back Its Students, and Coronavirus Fears, Too"	"The decision by the school’s president, Jerry Falwell Jr., to partly reopen his evangelical university enraged residents of Lynchburg, Va. Then students started getting sick."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Extends Social Distancing Guidelines to April 30 as U.S. Cases Top 135,000"	"The global count has passed 670,000, an official warns Britain that some kind of lockdown may last for months and Joe Biden urges mail-in elections."
Germany Has Relatively Few Deaths From Coronavirus. Why?	The country is not immune to the pandemic. So what explains its current low fatality rate?
Short Attention Span? All These Movies Are Under 90 Minutes	"These 12 films, all streaming on Netflix, will satisfy your itch for fresh content without demanding much of your time."
"New York State Exceeds 1,000 Coronavirus Deaths"	"“Thousands of people will pass away,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo warned as Mayor Bill de Blasio said New York City had a week’s worth of medical supplies."
Coronavirus Slowdown in Seattle Suggests Restrictions Are Working	"Officials in Washington State worry that their gains are precarious, but they see evidence that containment strategies have lowered the rate of virus transmission."
India’s Coronavirus Lockdown Leaves Vast Numbers Stranded and Hungry	"The sudden shutdown of businesses has upended the lives of millions of migrant laborers in Indian cities. More than a dozen migrants have died, and anger is rising."
Philadelphia Hospital to Stay Closed After Owner Requests Nearly $1 Million a Month	Hahnemann University Hospital could hold 500 patients with the coronavirus. But city officials said the cost was too steep.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Extends Social Curbs After Estimate of 200,000 Deaths"	"Americans were told to avoid nonessential travel and gatherings of more than 10 people until at least April 30. Spain asked residents to go into “hibernation.” Prince Charles came out of isolation, while an adviser to Prime Minister Boris Johnson went into quarantine."
"Macy’s to Furlough Most of Its 130,000 Workers: Live Business Updates"	Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.
Healthcare Stocks Help Lead Wall Street Higher: Live Updates	Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Roughly 3 of 4 Americans Are Under Orders to Stay Home	"A 1,000-bed Navy hospital ship docked in Manhattan, while new questions were raised about China’s case tally. Oil prices plummeted and Macy’s said it would furlough the majority of its workers."
"914 Dead in N.Y.C., and City’s Virus Case Count Tops 38,000: Live Updates"	The outbreak’s toll continued to rise amid a hopeful sign: the arrival of a Navy hospital ship to ease the strain on the city’s overwhelmed hospitals.
"Nurses Die, Doctors Fall Sick and Panic Rises on Virus Front Lines"	"The pandemic has begun to sweep through New York City’s medical ranks, and anxiety is growing among normally dispassionate medical professionals."
The 36 Questions That Lead to Love	A series of personal questions used by the psychologist Arthur Aron to explore the idea of fostering closeness through mutual vulnerability.
"They Survived the Spanish Flu, the Depression and the Holocaust"	"Two extraordinary women — one 101, the other 95 — lived through the worst of the 20th century. They have some advice for you."
White House Airlifts Medical Supplies From China in Coronavirus Fight	"Officials have teamed up with medical supply companies to speed the arrival of masks, gloves, gowns and other goods."
Trump Extends Social Distancing Guidelines Through End of April	"The president, facing grim figures from his health advisers, starkly reversed an earlier upbeat assessment that the country could relax the guidelines by Easter."
"Inside G.M.’s Race to Build Ventilators, Before Trump’s Attack"	"The automaker and its partner, Ventec, had spent more than a week figuring out how to make thousands of the lifesaving devices when the White House said G.M. was “wasting time.”"
"Restrictions Are Slowing Coronavirus Infections, New Data Suggest"	A database of daily fever readings shows that the numbers declined as people disappeared indoors.
"Days After a Funeral in a Georgia Town, Coronavirus ‘Hit Like a Bomb’"	"A mourner came to Albany, Ga., to attend the funeral of a retired janitor. After a pause while the infections incubated, the virus swept through the community."
Celebrity Culture Is Burning	"The pandemic has disrupted relations among the masses, the elites and the celebrities who liaise between them."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Deaths Set to Surpass China’s, but China’s Figures Remain in Doubt"	The White House is expected to release models showing the future course of the disease. A change in how Britain counts its coronavirus deaths suggests that the toll may be much higher than previously thought.
New York Attorney General Looks Into Zoom’s Privacy Practices	"As the videoconferencing platform’s popularity has surged, Zoom has scrambled to address a series of data privacy and security problems."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Grim Models Project High U.S. Toll in Months-Long Crisis	"The White House is expected to release models showing the future course of the disease, and the C.D.C. is reviewing its guidance on wearing masks as new data suggests many people with no symptoms are infecting others."
It’s Time to Make Your Own Face Mask	Here’s how to do it.
Captain of Aircraft Carrier Pleads for Help as Virus Cases Increase Onboard	"“We are not at war,” the captain of the carrier Theodore Roosevelt wrote. “Sailors do not need to die. If we do not act now, we are failing to properly take care of our most trusted asset — our sailors.”"
C.D.C. Weighs Advising Everyone to Wear a Mask	Widespread use of nonmedical masks could reduce community transmission. But recommending their broad use could also cause a run on the kind of masks that health care workers desperately need.
Infected but Feeling Fine: The Unwitting Coronavirus Spreaders	The C.D.C. director says new data about people who are infected but symptom-free could lead the agency to recommend broadened use of masks.
Frightened Doctors Face Off With Hospitals Over Rules on Protective Gear	Many hospitals bar doctors and other staff members from wearing protective masks in public areas. Some have been disciplined for pushing back.
"N.Y.C. Death Toll Passes 1,000 as Mayor Pleads for More Help"	"The number of coronavirus cases in New York State topped 75,000. Among them: Governor Cuomo’s brother."
Not Winning This Fight	This chart shows why.
Who Are the Voters Behind Trump’s Higher Approval Rating?	"Despite the president’s slow performance on the coronavirus and his series of falsehoods, some independent voters and Democrats are giving him a measure of credit for his handling of the crisis."
Why Asia’s New Coronavirus Controls Should Worry the World	"After a surge in cases tied to international travelers, China, Hong Kong, Singapore and other places that seemed to have the epidemic under control have imposed stricter measures."
How to Sew a Face Mask	A tutorial on how to make your own fabric face mask from common household materials.
Trump Suggests Lack of Testing Is No Longer a Problem. Governors Disagree.	The president said on a conference call that he had not “heard about testing in weeks.”
Frightened Doctors Face Off With Hospitals Over Rules on Protective Gear	Many hospitals bar doctors and other staff members from wearing protective masks in public areas. Some have been disciplined for pushing back.
Coronavirus Live Updates: U.N. Warns of Global Instability and Conflict	"President Trump warned of “hard days that lie ahead” as his top scientific advisers released models predicting that the U.S. death toll would be 100,000 to 240,000. Governors complained about chaos in obtaining critical supplies."
Fox’s Fake News Contagion	The network spent too long spraying its viewers with false information about the coronavirus pandemic.
40% of N.Y. Tenants May Not Pay Rent This Month. What Happens Then?	"Many unemployed tenants won’t be able to pay April rent. There will be a domino effect on landlords, real estate industry officials said."
Coronavirus Live Updates: States Clamp Down After White House’s Dire Warning	"Florida’s governor issued a stay-at-home order after a call with President Trump, who on Tuesday delivered the gravest projections of virus deaths yet from the White House."
"Obamacare Markets Will Not Reopen, Trump Decides"	The move would have made it easier for people who have recently lost jobs to obtain health insurance.
"Adam Schlesinger, Songwriter for Rock, Film and the Stage, Dies at 52"	He made suburban characters shine in Fountains of Wayne songs and brought pop-rock perfection to the Tom Hanks film “That Thing You Do!”
Some Coronavirus Patients Show Signs of Brain Ailments	"Doctors have observed neurological symptoms, including confusion, stroke and seizures, in a small subset of Covid-19 patients."
"N.Y.C. Virus Death Toll Nears 1,400 as a Key Date Looms: Live Updates"	"Mayor de Blasio has often said April 5 was a “demarcation line” in the coronavirus fight. Now it is just days away, and supplies are still badly needed."
44 Texas Students Have Coronavirus After Spring Break Trip	"A group of about 70 students from the University of Texas at Austin celebrated spring break in Mexico, then returned to find that dozens had tested positive."
"If You Have Coronavirus Symptoms, Assume You Have the Illness, Even if You Test Negative"	Just because a coronavirus test says you don’t have the virus doesn’t mean you aren’t infected — or infectious.
"‘Tiger King’: What Happened to Carole Baskin’s Husband, Don Lewis?"	A popular Netflix documentary has brought a Florida sheriff a flood of new theories in the unsolved disappearance.
These Coronavirus Exposures Might Be the Most Dangerous	"As with any other poison, viruses are usually deadlier in larger amounts."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Job Losses in America Soar, Part of Global Economic Collapse"	More than 6.6 million Americans filed for unemployment last week. Federal stockpiles of medical supplies are running low as the death toll rises and global infections approach one million.
"After Threats, Anthony Fauci to Receive Enhanced Personal Security"	Dr. Fauci has become a target of online conspiracy theorists after advocating social distancing rules.
Stop Trying to Be Productive	The internet wants you to believe you aren’t doing enough with all that “extra time” you have now. But staying inside and attending to basic needs is plenty.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Administration Expected to Recommend Wearing Cloth Masks	"More than 6.6 million Americans filed for unemployment benefits last week. The global death toll exceeds 50,000. The Navy removed an aircraft carrier’s captain after he spoke up about an outbreak."
"The 1,000-Bed Comfort Was Supposed to Aid New York. It Has 20 Patients."	"“It’s a joke,” said a top hospital executive, whose facilities are packed with coronavirus patients."
The Coronavirus Patients Betrayed by Their Own Immune Systems	"A “cytokine storm” becomes an all-too-frequent phenomenon, particularly among the young. But treatments are being tested."
"A Ventilator Stockpile, With One Hitch: Thousands Do Not Work"	"While President Trump has assured states that thousands of ventilators remain at the ready, thousands more are in storage, unmaintained or otherwise unusable."
Small-Business Relief Effort ‘a Mess’: Live Business Updates	Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.
"N.Y.C. Death Toll Tops 1,500 as Cuomo Warns on Ventilators"	The governor said the state was using the machines for coronavirus patients at a rate that would exhaust its stockpile in just six days.
Jared Kushner Is Going to Get Us All Killed	Trump’s son-in-law has no business running the coronavirus response.
"Touting Virus Cure, ‘Simple Country Doctor’ Becomes a Right-Wing Star"	How Dr. Vladimir Zelenko’s claims for his coronavirus treatment spread from a New York village all the way to President Trump.
Kushner Puts Himself in Middle of White House’s Chaotic Coronavirus Response	President Trump’s son-in-law has become a central player in the administration’s effort to curb the pandemic. But critics say he is part of the problem.
"F.A.Q. on Stimulus Checks, Unemployment and the Coronavirus Plan"	"The $2 trillion relief bill will send money directly to Americans, greatly expand unemployment coverage and make a number of other changes."
"C.I.A. Hunts for Authentic Virus Totals in China, Dismissing Government Tallies"	Intelligence officials have told the White House for weeks that China has vastly understated the spread of the coronavirus and the damage the pandemic has done.
"Arianne Caoili, Chess Master, Is Dead at 33"	"A former model, she stood out in the chess world for her glamour in what is often thought of as an unglamorous game."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Half of Humanity Under Lockdown Orders	"Roughly four billion people have been told to stay in their homes, but some U.S. states have resisted such measures. New jobs report shows staggering losses are likely to get worse."
The Covid-19 Slump Has Arrived	But we’re already botching the response.
"Bill Withers, Who Sang ‘Lean on Me’ and ‘Ain’t No Sunshine,’ Dies at 81"	"A three-time Grammy Award winner, he had a string of much-covered hits in the 1970s but had not released an album since 1985."
This Brooklyn Landlord Just Canceled Rent for Hundreds of Tenants	"Mario Salerno, who has 18 apartment buildings, said he did not want renters to stress about their payment during the coronavirus pandemic."
DeVos Weighs Waivers for Special Education. Parents Are Worried.	The $2 trillion coronavirus law could give the education secretary the power to waive special education rules as school districts struggle to teach all their students online.
The Doctor Came to Save Lives. The Co-op Board Told Him to Get Lost.	"When an emergency room doctor traveled from New Hampshire to battle the coronavirus in New York, he moved into his brother’s building … but not for long."
"N.Y. Virus Deaths Double in Three Days to Almost 3,000"	"Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on Friday that there had been 562 deaths due to the virus over the previous 24 hours, a higher toll than the state saw in the first 27 days of March."
The Navy Fired the Captain of the Theodore Roosevelt. See How the Crew Responded.	The rousing show of support provided another gripping scene to emerge from the coronavirus pandemic: the rank and file cheering a boss they viewed as putting their safety ahead of his career.
Captain Crozier Is a Hero	"Theodore Roosevelt, my great-grandfather, would agree."
A German Exception? Why the Country’s Coronavirus Death Rate Is Low	"The pandemic has hit Germany hard, with more than 92,000 people infected. But the percentage of fatal cases has been remarkably low compared to those in many neighboring countries."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: With Over 300,000 Cases and 8,000 Deaths, the U.S. Braces for Still More"	"The C.D.C. begins testing people for previous coronavirus infections. Even after President Trump’s travel restrictions, about 40,000 people have flown to the U.S. from China. More than 3,500 people have died in New York State."
Can an Old Vaccine Stop the New Coronavirus?	"A tuberculosis vaccine invented a century ago is cheap and safe, and seems to bolster the body’s immune system."
"In the American South, a Perfect Storm Is Gathering"	"In states with many uninsured citizens, few hospitals and leaders who have not required citizens to stay home, a disaster is looming."
Stop Using Toilet Paper	Why are we hoarding it when experts agree that rinsing with water is more sanitary and environmentally sound?
Coronavirus Hot Spots Emerging Near New York City	"Governor Cuomo compared a jump in coronavirus cases on Long Island to “a fire spreading,” and New Jersey announced an additional 200 deaths due to the virus since Friday."
"Larry David, Master of His Quarantine"	"Who better than the father of “Seinfeld” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm” to guide us through the thicket of being together, alone?"
"430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced"	"There were 1,300 direct flights to 17 cities before President Trump’s travel restrictions. Since then, nearly 40,000 Americans and other authorized travelers have made the trip, some this past week and many with spotty screening."
College Made Them Feel Equal. The Virus Exposed How Unequal Their Lives Are.	"When they were all in the same dorms and eating the same dining hall food, the disparities in students’ backgrounds weren’t as clear as they are over video chat."
"In Italy, Going Back to Work May Depend on Having the Right Antibodies"	"Weighing an idea that might once have been relegated to science fiction, Italy once again finds itself in the unfortunate vanguard of Western democracies grappling with the coronavirus."
"They’re the Last Couple in Paradise. Eventually, It May Bankrupt Them."	"Surrounded by a fleet of staff, who are also stranded, one couple is trapped in an eternal honeymoon in the Maldives."
Coronavirus Live Updates: New Jersey and New Orleans Among New U.S. Hot Spots; Trump Predicts ‘a Lot of Death’	"Almost 8,500 of the U.S.’s reported 310,000 coronavirus patients have died, and governors are hunting for scarce ventilators. In Finland, a stockpile dating to the Cold War proves timely."
‘Code Blue’: A Brooklyn I.C.U. Fights for Each Life in a Coronavirus Surge	"Nearly every patient was on a ventilator. Some were in their 80s, some in their 30s. Medical workers were falling fast and had to be resourceful — “the alternative,” one said, “is death.”"
Coronavirus Live Updates: New Jersey and New Orleans Among New U.S. Hot Spots; Top U.S. Officials Warn of ‘Our Pearl Harbor’	"Almost 8,500 of the U.S.’s reported 310,000 coronavirus patients have died, and governors are hunting for scarce ventilators. A carrier captain removed after drawing attention to a shipboard outbreak is infected. In Finland, a stockpile dating to the Cold War proves timely."
He Went to Jared	"Heaven help us, we’re at the mercy of the Slim Suit crowd."
What You Should Know Before You Need a Ventilator	It breaks my heart that patients who will get sick enough to need them won’t know what desperate situations they face.
How New Jersey’s First Coronavirus Patient Survived	"James Cai’s case was completely new to his doctors. When he grew severely ill, he tapped a network of Chinese and Chinese-American medical colleagues who helped save his life."
Navy Captain Removed From Carrier Tests Positive for Covid-19	Captain Crozier was fired after a leak of a letter he had emailed to Navy leaders detailing the service's failures in dealing with a coronavirus outbreak on the U.S.S. Theodore Roosevelt.
"Daily Death Toll in N.Y. Sees a One-Day Drop, Cuomo Says"	"On Sunday, New York State reported 594 new deaths, but 630 the day before. The governor cautioned that it could be a “blip.”"
Official Counts Understate the U.S. Coronavirus Death Toll	"Inconsistent protocols, limited resources and a patchwork of decision-making has led to an undercounting of people with the coronavirus who have died, health experts say."
What’s the Best Material for a Mask?	"Scientists are testing everyday items to find the best protection from coronavirus. Pillow cases, flannel pajamas and origami vacuum bags are all candidates."
"Chinese-Americans, Facing Abuse, Unite to Aid Hospitals in Coronavirus Battle"	"Although many have weathered racist remarks and some physical attacks over the virus, Chinese-Americans are tapping their deep social networks to procure medical supplies."
"Finland, ‘Prepper Nation of the Nordics,’ Isn’t Worried About Masks"	"Unlike their neighbors, the Finns never stopped stockpiling after the Cold War. Now Finland sits on an enviable supply of medical and survival gear in the Covid-19 era."
"He Led a Top Navy Ship. Now He Sits in Quarantine, Fired and Infected."	Colleagues say the downfall of Capt. Brett E. Crozier was charging headlong into the Trump administration’s narrative that it had everything in the coronavirus pandemic under control.
"Coronavirus Live Updates: U.S. Death Toll Nears 10,000 as Hospitals Run Low on Supplies"	A government report found medical facilities stretched to capacity and in need of everything from ventilators to thermometers. Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain was in the hospital. Japan will declare a state of emergency.
Americans Don’t Trust the Media Anymore. So Why Do They Trust the Cuomos?	"CNN once prevented Chris Cuomo from interviewing his brother on the air. But that all changed with the arrival of the coronavirus, and now it’s changing television, too."
This Is What Happens When a Narcissist Runs a Crisis	Trump’s catastrophic performance has as much to do with psychology as ideology.
"Ignoring Expert Opinion, Trump Again Promotes Use of Hydroxychloroquine"	"The president’s advocacy of the anti-malarial drug has created tensions in his administration, and fears among doctors that it could unnecessarily expose patients to risks."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Boris Johnson Moved to Intensive Care and the U.S. Death Toll Surpasses 10,000"	A U.S. government report found medical facilities stretched to capacity and in need of everything from ventilators to thermometers. Iran moved to end a shutdown of businesses.
Has Anyone Found Trump’s Soul? Anyone?	He’s not rising to the challenge of the coronavirus pandemic. He’s shriveling into nothingness.
Social Distancing Is a Privilege	The idea that this virus is an equal-opportunity killer must itself be killed.
Acting Navy Secretary Slams Fired Captain as ‘Stupid’	"Thomas B. Modly addressed the crew of the U.S.S. Theodore Roosevelt in a speech that one crew member described as “whiny, upset, irritated, condescending.”"
Virus Toll in N.Y. Region Shows Signs of Leveling Off: Live Updates	"Data from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut suggested that steps to control the coronavirus’s spread might be working."
New York City Considers Temporary Graves for Virus Victims	"Mayor Bill de Blasio said the city’s morgues still have the capacity to accommodate the dead, but officials are preparing contingency plans."
How to Help the Helpers	"The coronavirus pandemic has pushed medical professionals into the front lines of danger. Here’s what you can do to help, safely."
How Will We Know When It’s Time to Reopen the Nation?	"Experts offer four benchmarks that can serve as a guide for cities and states, eliminating some of the guesswork."
"As School Moves Online, Many Students Stay Logged Out"	Teachers at some schools across the country report that less than half of their students are participating in online learning.
Where Have All the Heart Attacks Gone?	"Except for treating Covid-19, many hospitals seem to be eerily quiet."
Trump’s Aggressive Advocacy of Malaria Drug for Treating Coronavirus Divides Medical Community	"While Dr. Anthony Fauci has urged caution in using hydroxychloroquine, some doctors are prescribing it to patients who have the virus despite the fact it has never been tested for it."
"Coronavirus Live Updates: Lockdowns Show Signs of Working, but New Challenges Emerge"	"A senior White House official warned the Trump administration in January that a pandemic would cost millions of lives and trillions of dollars. Boris Johnson, Britain’s prime minister, remains in intensive care. China reported its first day since January with no deaths."
Trade Adviser Warned White House in January of Risks of a Pandemic	A memo from Peter Navarro is the most direct warning known to have circulated at a key moment among top administration officials.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Effectively Ousts Top Watchdog for Relief Funds	"New York records its highest daily death toll. Boris Johnson, Britain’s prime minister, remains in intensive care. China ended a lockdown in Wuhan, the city where the virus first appeared."
"China Ends Wuhan Lockdown, but Normal Life Is a Distant Dream"	"In the city where the coronavirus outbreak was first reported, the reopening of outbound travel won’t end hard times, wariness or confinement."
A New Covid-19 Crisis: Domestic Abuse Rises Worldwide	"Movement restrictions aimed to stop the spread of the coronavirus may be making violence in homes more frequent, more severe and more dangerous."
Trump Has a New Press Secretary Who Knows How to Defend Him	"Kayleigh McEnany, his campaign spokeswoman, replaces Stephanie Grisham, who had the job for nine months, and will return to Melania Trump’s staff."
How a Ship’s Coronavirus Outbreak Became a Moral Crisis for the Military	"In a profanity-laced reprimand, the acting Navy secretary criticized sailors aboard the Theodore Roosevelt for cheering their fired captain, who had requested more assistance to fight the infection."
"John Prine, Who Chronicled the Human Condition in Song, Dies at 73"	The folk singer and songwriter with a raspy voice and an offbeat humor was revered by peers including Bob Dylan.
"N.Y. Virus Deaths Hit New High, but Hospitalizations Slow"	New Jersey and Connecticut also had one-day highs in coronavirus-related deaths. Officials in the three states still saw reason for hope.
Italy Is Sending Another Warning	"This is what a country a month into lockdown looks like: desperate, hungry and scared."
A ‘Liberty’ Rebellion in Idaho Threatens to Undermine Coronavirus Orders	"Even some public officials have challenged social-distancing requirements, calling them assaults on the Constitution. One group wants to gather up to 1,000 people for Easter."
Why Wisconsin Republicans Insisted on an Election in a Pandemic	Mask-wearing voters in endless lines. Five polling places instead of 180. Voting amid the coronavirus crisis is full of challenges — and connected to G.O.P. efforts to limit who gets a ballot in the state.
Wisconsin Primary Recap: Voters Forced to Choose Between Their Health and Their Civic Duty	The state was the first to hold a major election with in-person voting since stay-at-home orders were widely instituted because of the coronavirus.
Black Americans Face Alarming Rates of Coronavirus Infection in Some States	"Data on race and the coronavirus is too limited to draw sweeping conclusions, experts say, but disparate rates of sickness — and death — have emerged in some places."
"John Prine, Who Chronicled the Human Condition in Song, Dies at 73"	"A folk singer and songwriter with a raspy voice and an offbeat humor, he was revered by his peers, including Bob Dylan. He died of the coronavirus."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Record Number of New York Deaths; W.H.O. Warns Against Politics	New York State now has more confirmed cases than Italy. Congress mulls billions in additional funding. A jail in Chicago is the largest-known source of U.S. infections.
Bernie Sanders Drops Out of 2020 Democratic Race for President	"Mr. Sanders, a democratic socialist making his second run for the White House, withdrew after a series of losses to Joseph R. Biden Jr., who emerges as the presumptive nominee for the general election."
"Yves Tumor Redefines Rock Stardom, Body on the Line"	"The musician known for a constantly shifting sound moves a little closer to standard pop on the new album “Heaven to a Tortured Mind,” but remains a master of anarchic energy."
Drop the Curtain on the Trump Follies	"Why does the nation need to be subjected to the president’s daily carnival of misinformation, preening and political venom?"
"How to Look Good on Camera, According to Tom Ford"	A master class in lighting for your next video conference.
Here’s How Those Hot Jigsaw Puzzles Are Made	The coronavirus has sent businesses racing as demand surges past levels seen at Christmas.
"Bleak Records in N.Y. and N.J., but Leaders See Coronavirus Curve Flattening"	"There were 779 virus-related deaths in the state in the past 24 hours, Governor Cuomo said. It was the highest one-day total yet."
Bernie Sanders Was Right	Goodbye to an honest man’s campaign.
"Linda Tripp, Key Figure in Clinton Impeachment, Dies at 70"	"She gave over her secretly recorded conversations with Monica Lewinsky to an independent prosecutor, a pivot point in his investigation of the president."
"Saudi Arabia Declares Cease-Fire in Yemen, Citing Fears of Coronavirus: Live Updates"	The head of the World Health Organization warned that politicizing the coronavirus pandemic would result in “many more body bags.”
86-Year-Old Is Killed in E.R. Over Social Distancing	"The woman became disoriented and grabbed the IV pole of another patient, who shoved her and caused a fatal head wound, officials said."
"Most New York Coronavirus Cases Came From Europe, Genomes Show"	"Travelers seeded multiple cases starting as early as mid-February, genomes show."
Coronavirus Invades Saudi Inner Sanctum	"More than six weeks after Saudi Arabia reported its first case, the coronavirus is striking at the heart of the kingdom’s sprawling royal family."
‘It’s Hit Our Front Door’: Homes for the Disabled See a Surge of Covid-19	Caregivers for people with special needs are reeling as the coronavirus preys on the most vulnerable.
How NOT to Wear a Mask	"Wearing a face mask takes some getting used to. To get the most benefit, you need to avoid these common mistakes."
Coronavirus Live Updates: White House Data Shows Positive Tests Rise With Age	"A push for more aid stalled in the Senate. In the last three weeks, 16 million U.S. workers filed for jobless benefits. A principal investigator in a federal clinical trial of antiviral drugs urges caution."
C.D.C. Releases Early Demographic Snapshot of Worst Coronavirus Cases	"The agency’s study of hospitalizations for Covid-19 in March shows heightened numbers for those with underlying conditions, men and African-Americans."
"Hospitalizations for Coronavirus Are Nearly Flat in N.Y., but 799 More Die"	"Despite mounting death tolls, the governors of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut all cited data that gave them cause for optimism."
"Mort Drucker, Master of the Mad Caricature, Is Dead at 91"	"His illustrations of celebrities for Mad magazine’s movie and television satires inspired countless cartoonists. Actors, politicians and others knew they had made it when he drew them."
OPEC Talks to Cut Oil Production Disappoint Traders: Live Updates	Live updates on stock market and business news during the coronavirus outbreak.
‘A Tragedy Is Unfolding’: Inside New York’s Virus Epicenter	"In a city ravaged by an epidemic, few places have been as hard hit as central Queens."
The America We Need	"How to make the nation more just, less fragile — and more free."
Jason Isbell: John Prine Taught Me to Stay Vulnerable	"If the artist’s job is to hold a mirror up to society, John had the cleanest, clearest mirror of anyone."
Trump Keeps Talking. Some Republicans Don’t Like What They’re Hearing.	"Aides and allies increasingly believe the president’s daily briefings are hurting him more than helping, and are urging him to let his medical experts take center stage."
"In Ohio, the Amish Take On the Coronavirus"	"A famously traditional community has mobilized to help hospitals with medical supplies, even as it struggles with reconciling its communal way of life with the dictates of social distancing."
American Democracy May Be Dying	Authoritarian rule may be just around the corner.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Summer Infection Spike Is Projected if U.S. Lifts Stay-at-Home Orders	"Global supply chains have been disrupted, leading to shortages of key goods. Michigan will ban travel between homes. Apple and Google said they plan to release a feature in cellphones to help with contact tracing."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Calls Relaxing Restrictions a Major Decision as Projections Warn of a Possible Infection Spike	"Global supply chains have been disrupted, leading to shortages of key goods. Michigan will ban travel between homes. Apple and Google said they plan to release a feature in cellphones to help with contact tracing."
Small Businesses Wait for Cash as Disaster Loan Program Unravels	"Owners were supposed to be able to get up to $2 million. Now they’re being told the cap is $15,000 — if they can get any answers at all."
El secreto letal de España: no teníamos “la mejor Sanidad del mundo”	A Pedro Sánchez le tomó mucho tiempo adoptar una respuesta coherente frente a la pandemia. Nuestra excesiva confianza en el sistema de salud se encargó del resto.
Poultry Worker’s Death Highlights Spread of Coronavirus in Meat Plants	"Some employees are coming in sick, and one woman died after being ordered back to work. “Our work conditions are out of control,” a longtime Tyson employee said."
Restarting America Means People Will Die. So When Do We Do It?	Five thinkers weigh moral choices in a crisis.
Number of Virus Patients in I.C.U.s Starts to Fall in New York	"The figure decreased for the first time since the outbreak began, providing more evidence that the curve of infection is flattening, but deaths remain high."
How Many People Have Actually Died From Coronavirus in New York?	The official statistics paint a partial picture and may understate the death toll. Here’s why.
Sex Work Comes Home	More of us are making and watching sexual performances online now. Fewer of us are paying.
Inside the Strip Clubs of Instagram	Going digital may be better for dancers.
Everything Is Awful. So Why Is the Stock Market Booming?	Investors are betting that powerful interventions from Washington will protect the long-term profitability of major companies.
How to Make Whipped Coffee	Dalgona coffee is having a moment on social media. Here’s how you can prepare it for yourself at home.
"News Quiz: Coronavirus, Jobs, Thomas Modly"	Did you follow the headlines this week?
Will an Antibody Test Allow Us to Go Back to School or Work?	Tests that reveal whether someone has been infected with the coronavirus are on their way. But they’re not perfect. Here’s what you need to know.
The Weirdly Enduring Appeal of Weird Al Yankovic	"National economies collapse; species go extinct; political movements rise and fizzle. But — somehow, for some reason — Weird Al keeps rocking."
The Ideas That Won’t Survive the Coronavirus	Covid-19 is killing off the myth that we are the greatest country on earth.
"Burning Cell Towers, Out of Baseless Fear They Spread the Virus"	"A conspiracy theory linking the spread of the coronavirus to 5G wireless technology has spurred more than 100 incidents this month, British officials said."
Life and Death in the ‘Hot Zone’	"“If people saw this, they would stay home.” What the war against the coronavirus looks like inside two Bronx hospitals."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Total Number of Confirmed Deaths in U.S. Surpasses Italy	"For the first time, the government has declared all 50 states a major disaster for the same event. Some pastors plan to hold Easter services despite stay-at-home guidance."
The Costly Toll of Not Shutting Down Spring Break Earlier	People got sick — and some died — after attending crowded parties and theme parks in Florida as the coronavirus spread.
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus	"An examination reveals the president was warned about the potential for a pandemic but that internal divisions, lack of planning and his faith in his own instincts led to a halting response."
Driving and Travel Restrictions Across the United States	"Across the 48 contiguous states, authorities have put in differing rules for travel. Here is a comprehensive guide to the current rules."
"Torn Over Reopening Economy, Trump Says He Faces ‘Biggest Decision I’ve Ever Had to Make’"	"The president suggested he wanted to move soon, but he also promised to listen to public health officials cautioning against relaxing restrictions prematurely."
"Childbirth in Venezuela, Where Women’s Deaths Are a State Secret"	"We spent weeks following women inside the country’s health care system, which has been crippled by a broken economy overseen by an increasingly authoritarian government."
"Dumped Milk, Smashed Eggs, Plowed Vegetables: Food Waste of the Pandemic"	"With restaurants, hotels and schools closed, many of the nation’s largest farms are destroying millions of pounds of fresh goods that they can no longer sell."
Coronavirus in N.Y.: Cuomo Urges Caution on Reopening State’s Economy	Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo also said Mayor Bill de Blasio lacked the authority to close New York City’s schools for the rest of the academic year.
"N.Y.C. Closes Schools for Academic Year, but Cuomo Says It’s His Decision"	"The mayor announced that in-person classes were suspended through June, but the governor countered that he had yet to make a call."
"Biden and Cuomo: Friends, Allies and Supporting Players No Longer"	A personal friendship has grown into a crucial political alliance as the two men have emerged as pillars of the Democratic Party in a national crisis.
The ‘Red Dawn’ Emails: 8 Key Exchanges on the Faltering Response to the Coronavirus	Experts inside and outside the government identified the threat early on and sought to raise alarms even as President Trump was moving slowly. Read some of what they had to say among themselves at critical moments.
"India to Extend Lockdown Against Coronavirus, While Spain Eases Work Rules: Live Coverage"	China is delaying medical equipment exports for quality checks. A Times investigation examines President Trump’s delays in facing the crisis. Murders fall in Latin America.
"Chernobyl Wildfires Reignite, Stirring Up Radiation"	"Wildfires are common in the so-called Zone of Alienation around the abandoned Chernobyl plant. A larger-than-typical fire is stirring up radiation, though levels remain normal in Kyiv, the Ukrainian capital."
Five Takeaways on What Trump Knew as the Virus Spread	"An examination by The New York Times reveals that there were warnings from the intelligence community, national security aides and government health officials — even as the president played down the crisis."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Oil Nations Agree to Cuts; Officials Weigh Risks of Reopening	"The question of when and how to lift social distance restrictions and reopen businesses dominated discussions on Sunday, with one expert calling for a “rolling re-entry” to normalcy. Many Americans attended Easter services from their living rooms."
Examining Tara Reade’s Sexual Assault Allegation Against Joe Biden	"Ms. Reade, a former Senate aide, has accused Mr. Biden of assaulting her in 1993 and says she told others about it. A Biden spokeswoman said the allegation is false, and former Senate office staff members do not recall such an incident."
"Britain Surpasses 10,000 Coronavirus Deaths as Boris Johnson Leaves Hospital; Pope Speaks of ‘Contagion of Hope’: Live Coverage"	"Lockdowns are beginning to lift in Europe, under intense debate. Israel’s prime minister and president are under fire for breaking their own lockdown rules."
Joe Biden: My Plan to Safely Reopen America	An effective strategy to beat the virus is the ultimate answer to how we get our economy back on track.
‘You Could Lick the Benches’: Life for the First Wave of U.S. Survivors	"As the rest of the nation shelters in place, the first Americans to recover from the virus test drive immunity."
Whoosh! That Car That Just Soared by Might Be Heading for the Coast	"With far less traffic thanks to coronavirus-induced quarantines, drivers are pushing down hard on their accelerators. Tickets, and records, are the result."
The Slur I Never Expected to Hear in 2020	"As an Asian-American, I’ve been conditioned to a certain kind of unspoken racism. This pandemic has unmasked how vicious it really is."
Missing an Ingredient? Here’s What You Can Use Instead	Don’t worry: You probably have something in your kitchen that will work. It might even improve the recipe.
"Bob Iger Thought He Was Leaving on Top. Now, He’s Fighting for Disney’s Life."	The former C.E.O. thought he was riding into the sunset. Now he’s reasserting control and reimagining Disney as a company with fewer employees and more thermometers.
How a Premier U.S. Drug Company Became a Virus ‘Super Spreader’	"Biogen employees unwittingly spread the coronavirus from Massachusetts to Indiana, Tennessee and North Carolina."
Trump Lashes Out at Fauci Amid Criticism of Slow Virus Response	The president retweeted a post calling for the government’s top infectious disease specialist to be fired after the doctor acknowledged that shutting down the country earlier could have saved lives.
"Bank Credits $95,093 Junk-Mail Check to Customer's Account"	
‘There Will Be Losses’: How a Captain’s Plea Exposed a Rift in the Military	"The coronavirus crisis aboard the carrier Theodore Roosevelt spurred another chapter in the hollowing out of the Navy’s leadership, in particular under the Trump administration."
Coronavirus Live Updates: Trump Wants to Reopen the Economy. Experts Argue It Will Be Slow to Recover.	Policymakers around the world are debating when and how to start reopening businesses. A major meat plant closes indefinitely after nearly 300 workers test positive. Tornadoes and severe thunderstorms killed at least 18 people in the South.
Britain Is Expected to Extend Coronavirus Lockdown: Live Coverage	"As some countries weighed easing restrictions, President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia’s outbreak was bad and getting worse, a reversal of the Kremlin’s official tone."
Who Is Immune to the Coronavirus?	"About this question, too, decisions with great consequences are being made, as they must be, based on only glimmers of data."
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Has Never Spoken to Joe Biden. Here’s What She Would Say.	"In an interview, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she intended to support the presumptive Democratic nominee, but the “process of coming together should be uncomfortable for everyone involved.”"
Small Chloroquine Study Halted Over Risk of Fatal Heart Complications	"A research trial of coronavirus patients in Brazil ended after patients taking a higher dose of chloroquine, one of the drugs President Trump has promoted, developed irregular heart rates."
Brain Wound Eliminates Man's Mental Illness	
"‘Worst Is Over,’ Cuomo Says as 7 States Ally to Reopen Economy"	The announcement of a team effort to ease restrictions that have halted most aspects of life coincided with hopefuls signs about the coronavirus’s spread.
Upset Victory in Wisconsin Supreme Court Race Gives Democrats a Lift	A liberal challenger’s surprise triumph over a Trump-backed incumbent demonstrated strong turnout and vote-by-mail efforts for the Democrats in a key general election state.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
